How did serfdom develop in and then leave Russia ?
How can I find a list of celebrities ' real names ?
What are liver enzymes ?
Why do heavier objects travel downhill faster ?
What did the only repealed amendment to the U.S. Constitution deal with ?
What is `` Nine Inch Nails '' ?
What is an annotated bibliography ?
What 's the Olympic motto ?
What is the origin of the name ` Scarlett ' ?
What do Mormons believe ?
How can I register my website in Yahoo for free ?
How do they find or choose witnesses to an execution ?
How do you ask a total stranger out on a date ?
What is ethology ?
Where did the term `` 86ed '' come from ?
What is the nature of learning ?
What is the Kashmir issue ?
What does `` extended definition '' mean and how would one write a paper on it ?
What is titanium ?
What is a caldera ?
Why do people get calluses ?
What are Cushman and Wakefield known for ?
What is the history of skateboarding ?
How do I make fuel bricks from recycled newspaper ?
How do I log on to home page at Headquarters U.S. European Command ?
What is the origin of head lice ?
What causes the body to shiver in cold temperatures ?
What are bear and bull markets ?
What is `` dew point '' ?
What is the meaning of Jesus ?
What is the definition of a cascade ?
What is the origin of the word `` attic '' ?
What did Delilah do to Samson 's hair ?
How do you make a paintball ?
Where do chihuahuas come from ?
What does the Georgetown `` Hoya '' mean ?
How is the election of a new Pope announced to the world ?
How do chickens have baby chicks ?
What is the historical relationship of Catholic Church and bingo ?
How was the element calcium named ?
What is a transistor ?
What are equity securities ?
What is gymnophobia ?
What is the origin of the word , JJ .
How you can raise your IQ ?
What is a dental root canal ?
What are hook worms ?
Where did Indian Pudding come from ?
Why do some clothing labels say `` Use a nonchlorine bleach '' ?
Why do horseshoes bring luck ?
What is the 401 , K , plan ?
What causes pneumonia ?
What does gringo mean ?
How do I start a web based business ?
What is Eagle 's syndrome styloid process ?
How did Jayne Mansfield die ?
What makes hamburgers taste like steakburgers ?
How can I find out which cities have cable-modem access ?
What is Betsy Ross famous for ?
What is `` snoogans '' ?
What is the design of the ship Titanic ?
What is the daily requirement of folic acid for an expectant mother ?
What is the `` 7-minute cigarette '' ?
How do you correctly say the word ` qigong ' ?
What is the filmmakers collabrative ?
What caused Harry Houdini 's death ?
What is the contents of proposition 98 ?
What is paracetamol ?
What are the powers and weaknesses of Green Lantern 's ring ?
What is the origin of the name Katie ?
What 's the meaning of the Latin battle cry : Ad arma , ad arma .
What is a Canada two-penny black ?
How can I find out what year a Beanie Baby was introduced ?
What is the classic definition of tragic hero ?
What is molybdenum ?
How do I find the balance of my social security account ?
What is the history of Valentine 's Day cards ?
How do you get to the top of the Eiffel Tower ?
Why is poop sometimes different colors ?
How did the tradition of best man start ?
How is silk screening done ?
How do you match a name to a social security number ?
How does a rainbow form ?
Hazmat stands for what ?
How do doctors diagnose bone cancer ?
What causes the redness in your cheeks when you blush ?
Define the Pheonix Club ?
What does it mean `` Rupee Depreciates '' ?
How successful is arometherapy ?
How does a copier work ?
What is the function of RAM ?
What is the use of a 24-hour clock instead of a 12-hour clock ?
What is dry ice ?
What does `` intractable plantar keratoma '' mean ?
What is the difference between a generator and an alternator ?
How is energy created ?
How is it correct to say ` qigong ' ?
Give a reason for American Indians oftentimes dropping out of school .
What is the difference between classical conditioning and operant conditioning ?
What are some interesting facts and information about dogsledding ?
What is Jane Goodall known for ?
What does the name Billie mean ?
What function does a community 's water tower serve ?
What does Inuit and Eskimo mean ?
How do I tie dye clothes ?
Why doesn 't www.answers.com have any answers to my questions ?
What 's nature 's purpose for tornadoes ?
What makes popcorn pop ?
What are Maid-Rites ?
What do bee hives do in cranberry bogs ?
What caused the Lynmouth floods ?
Why is the grass green ?
What is a firewall ?
What do economists do ?
What do I need to do to take my dog with me to live in Dominica , West Indies for a year ?
What makes a clitoris sensitive ?
What is a nanometer ?
What does `` Janelle '' mean ?
How do I get another city 's newspaper ?
What are the distinct physical characterstics of the Arabian horse ?
What is a wop ?
Where do rocks come from ?
How do I stop background noise in a car stereo ?
What is viscosity ?
What is a green bog ?
What 's an auberge in France ?
Why are the ears your center of balance ?
What does the name `` Justin '' mean ?
What is the Amish religion ?
What is the `` coppertop '' battery ?
What is color ?
How can I get some free technical information on Electric Vehicle ?
How did shipyard inspector James J. Kilroy designate equipment as being satisfactory ?
What is a Jellicle Cat ?
Why did several San Diego schools stop serving apples to students ?
What makes a tornado turn ?
Why do n't you guys have some sort of contest where you ask a question and whoever finds the answers wins a prize ?
What is artificial intelligence ?
What is the origin of the word , magic ?
What is white chocolate ?
What does the name Gina mean ?
What are shooting stars ?
How is Easter Sunday 's date determined ?
What is the Motto for the State of Maryland ?
How can I find a phone number of someone if I only know their email address ?
How can you contact play producers and promoters on-line ?
What do players try to do when the music stops in a game of musical chairs ?
Why is black the color of mourning in the West ?
What does a nihilist believe in ?
What did Richard Feynman say upon hearing he would receive the Nobel Prize in Physics ?
What are amphibians ?
How is a hydrogen bomb different from a nuclear bomb ?
What is the origin and the meaning of the name , `` Hajo ? ''
What is Bombay duck ?
What is a virtual IP address ?
What facial feature typically contains about 55 hairs ?
How can I transport files from one computer to another ?
What happened during the Blackhawk Indian war of 1832 ?
What does the Latin ante mortem mean ?
What does the name Shawn mean ?
How is Answers.com different from KnowPost.com ?
Why was the L.A. office of Shea and Gould closed ?
How do I start a bank ?
How do Ouija Boards work ?
How do you get a broken cork out of a bottle ?
How do you determine heating requirements for your home ?
Why did the chicken cross the road ?
What is being done about the millennium bug ?
What was the claim to fame of King Camp Gillette ?
What is Olestra ?
How do you solve `` Rubik 's Cube '' ?
What is prepared mustard ?
What does `` antidisestablishmentarianism '' mean ?
What is Colin Powell best known for ?
What is measured in curies ?
What is the meaning of W.B. Yeat 's poem , `` The Three Hermits ? ''
What is Spumante ?
What is an isthmus ?
What 's the origin of the word ` news ' ?
How do fuel injectors work ?
How can your school march in the Macy 's Thanksgiving Parade ?
What is a Certified Nurse Midwife ?
What is the origin of the expression `` tout de suite '' ?
What is the purpose of a car bra ?
What is D.B. Cooper known for ?
What does the name `` Anthony '' mean ?
What is a rhomboideus minor ?
Why were people recruited for the Vietnam War ?
Why are electric cars less efficient in the northeast than in California ?
What are the living conditions in Cuba ?
What are the seven virtues ?
Why were the American soldiers in WWI called `` Doughboys ''
How can I find online spelling , and punctuation drills for my 6th grader ?
What information can you get me on Fairground Park in St. Louis
What is the difference between a median and a mean ?
What makes thunder ?
Why did the world enter a global depression in 1929 ?
What was archy , and mehitabel ?
What excuse did the NATO people give for hitting the Chinese embassy ?
What is the origin of the surname of Braun ?
What is Australia Day ?
What was the Chivington Massacre ?
What does the word camaro mean , from the GM car the Camaro ?
What is the AIM-54C Phoenix ?
What is the definition of low island ?
What is the difference between Neoclassical art and Romanticism art ?
How do you find oxidation numbers ?
What is Black Hills , South Dakota most famous for ?
What are the Greek numerals ?
How do you look up criminal records on the Internet ?
What is an example of an actual case of using the Fourteenth Amendment ?
Where did the term `` 86 '' come from ?
What causes someone to be ticklish ?
Why did several San Diego schools remove apples from students menus ?
What is `` the washed vodka '' ?
Why do recipe books recommend starting with cold water when you boil something ?
What is the Immaculate Conception ?
What is Candlemas Day ?
What is a pyrotechnic display ?
How do I find out about jobs ?
What is the origin of the term `` The Brooklyn Side '' in bowling ?
How can I find out how much income tax is paid on Social Security income on the 1998 income tax ?
How does Zatanna perform her magic in DC comics ?
How do you get dates with the `` Hooters '' girls ?
How can I get a comic character I made copyrighted and published ?
What is Plc ?
What is a hyperlink ?
Where did marijuana come from ?
What does Elysium mean ?
What is Shalom ?
How do you get rid on woodpeckers ?
What is the origin of thank you notes ?
How do you make panoramic sugar eggs for Easter - the ones with the scene inside ?
What is the executor in a will ?
What is the difference between microprocessors & microcontrollers ?
What is the proof that houseplants metabolize carcinogens ?
What prompted the co-pilot of the Enola Gay to enter only `` My God '' in his log ?
What is the history of `` the toast '' ?
What is an arab strap ?
Why did Egyptians shave their eyebrows ?
What causes rust ?
What do the names Neil , Mary , and Anthony mean ?
Why do people in the upper peninsula of Michagin say `` eh ? '' ?
What was the first Funk 'N Lata , Brazilian group , success ?
What is a handheld PC ?
What did John Hinckley do to impress Jodie Foster ?
What was unusual about Alexandra 's appearance in Josie and the Pussycats ?
What is the origin of the word `` mind '' ?
What happened to Moon Maiden ?
What are the Urals ?
How can you stop the itch from poison ivy ?
How do you tell your parents you are dating an older man ?
How do you exterminate bees that are in the walls of your home ? Will bee eggs remain over winter ?
How do you send a movie transcript to Hollywood so that it can be produced into a film ?
What is the origin of blue for boys and pink for girls ?
What is the Hub of London ?
What causes panic attacks ?
What was the filling in the first golf balls ?
What is typhoid fever ?
What are the Twin Cities ?
Why are there olives in martinis ?
What is the highest Roman numeral ?
What 's the difference between sleet and freezing rain ?
How is the new Ford Econoline van F25 V1 engine ?
What are the major differences in the Catholic and Methodist religions ?
What does Venus Retrograde mean ?
What does Las Vegas mean ?
What does the word `` meta '' mean ?
What is graduate school ?
What is the difference between New York-style and Chicago-style pizza ?
For what reason did some San Diego schools stop serving apples ?
How do you reference a website ?
What is pandoro ?
What are the words to `` My Way '' written by Paul Anka ?
How do I install a tile floor ?
Why was the zipper invented ?
How did ` stat ' come to be used as an expression for quickly ?
What 's the distinction of U.S. Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall ?
What was a Mae West on a World War II battleship ?
Define cosmology .
What are amicable numbers ?
Describe the Finnish music personality Salonen 's appearance .
What is the origin of the ethnic category `` caucasian '' ?
What is a stratocaster ?
How did the bikini bathing suite get its name ?
How do clouds form ?
What is the half-life of P-32 ?
Why do pressure cookers save time in the kitchen ?
Why are there 12 people on a jury in criminal cases ?
What do Christian Scientists believe in ?
What is the economic impact of unemployment on the economy ?
What is the Home Rule Act ?
What are Bellworts ?
What are the words to the Canadian National anthem ?
Why was Muhammad Ali stripped of his title and barred from boxing in 1967 ?
What caused Shea & Gould to close their L.A. office ?
What does the name Kelly mean ?
What is a phalanx ?
How do storms form ?
What was the proper Laugh-In respones to : `` Say goodnight , Dick '' ?
What is God ?
What is a meerkat ?
What is cache memory ?
What is the origin of the midwest slang , ` you 're darn tootin ' ?
What is the difference between jazz and blues ?
What is the C programming language ?
What is a ` borrow pit ' ?
What is the origin of the atom ?
How do I e-mail someone at aol.com from yahoo.com ?
What is the meaning of the name Ella ?
What are you hearing when you put a seashell to your ear ?
Why are haunted houses popular ?
What is the virus HIV ?
What is the definition of the term `` weapons system '' ?
What are Christopher Marlowe 's and Shakespeare 's literary contributions to English literature ?
Why are there Braille things on the ATM machines that people drive through ?
What is real time processing ?
What is the theory of equivalence states ?
What will happen when sodium is put in water ?
What 's the meaning of UOL ?
What is the circumorbital hematoma ?
How do I increase my biceps ' size ?
How is the element strontium purified ?
What are tonsils for ?
What is the origin of the word ` posh ' ?
How can anyone tell if a female had sexual intercourse ?
What does the name `` Sabrina '' mean ?
What is hebephrenia ?
What were the causes of the Civil War ?
What are Maid-Rites ?
How can you prevent it ?
What do the names Andrew and Christina mean ?
What are perfect tenses ?
What is commonly considered the fifth sense ?
What is a bourdon tube ?
What do Caroll Baker , Tammy Grimes , Debbie Reynolds , and Judy Garland all have in common ?
What is film noir ?
What causes tuberculosis ?
What are a baseball team 's firemen ?
What is Head Start ?
Why can 't women serve in the Navy on board submarines ?
What is saltpeter ?
What 's the difference between J.D. and LL.M. ?
How can someone become a federal agent ?
How can you be happy ?
How would someone go about becoming an organ donor ?
What did n't Rocky Marciano do in his pro boxing career ?
What is the definition of ` graphic details ' ?
What is the function of the appendix ?
What is a Cartesian Diver ?
What happened in dogtown in 1899 to make that year remembered ?
How do you recognize anorexia ?
What is the largest variety of cactus ?
Why do rooftops give off steam after a big rainstorm ?
What must a Las Vegas blackjack dealer do when he reaches 16 ?
Why did the Anglican church split from the Vatican ?
How would I find the price of different organs that have been donated ?
What is magnetar ?
What should you yell to hail a taxi in Madrid ?
What ever happened to the once popular Yale Lock Company ?
What is a Devo hat ?
How does a scientific calculator work ?
Why do we have to go to school ?
What is Toulmin logic ?
What is a dangling participle ?
What is the origin of the peace symbol ?
How can I find a list of , fax and or email , addresses for human resource departments in Massachusetts ?
How do I write to my Congressman ?
What is moxie ?
What is the hair style called that new military recruits receive ?
What effects do nitrates have on the environment ?
What is Nitrox diving ?
What happened in the Long March ?
How can I find online spelling ?
What is a gas release event ?
What does `` Semper Fidelis '' mean ?
How can I find out my Moon sign ?
Why does a candle need a wick ?
What were the three prophecies the witches make to Macbeth ?
What is the history of yo-yos ?
How does one correctly pronounce ` qigong ' ?
What is pasta ?
How does psorisis disappear ?
What 's the mystery of the Bermuda Triangle ?
What is a neurosurgeon ?
What are amaretto biscuits ?
How do I give a good massage ?
What is the origin of `` jiggy '' as in getting jiggy with it ?
What is the origin of a.m. and p.m. ?
What is the definition of cosmology ?
What are manifest and latent function theories ?
What are snowballs to a hot-rodder ?
What is the origin of the word Ozymandias ?
Why do men snore ?
What causes `` rolling thunder '' ?
What 's the setting of John Le Carre 's A Small Town in Germany ?
What does an echidna look like ?
What is the secret of the universe ?
What caused an adjournment of the 25th anniversary session of the United Nations General Assembly ?
How did Lee Harvey Oswald purchase his rifle ?
How do I sing like Elvis Presley ?
How do you clean up a cache ?
What 's the Red Planet ?
What is the difference between a fruit and a vegetable ?
What is tumbled marble ?
How does light travel through the void of space if there is no medium for it to ` wave ' or ` pulse ' .
What are the Valdez Principles ?
How can I easily remove red wine stains from t-shirts ?
How do you write MLA style bibliographies for an Internet source ?
What is the origin of the word assassinate ?
What are the Arabic Numerals from 1 to 10 ?
What is digitalis ?
What was the outcome of the 1945 Yalta Conference ?
What is `` flintknapping '' ?
What causes canker sores in the mouth ?
What did John F. Kennedy consider his greatest blunder in office ?
What 's the proud claim to fame of the young women who formed Kappa Alpha Theta ?
What did FCC chairman Newton Minow declare TV to be on May 9 , 1961 ?
What does Tiffany mean ?
Why do magnets attract ?
How do you address a Chinese person ?
What is the meaning of thalassemia ?
How do I impress a guy ?
What are the alveoli ?
What is ethylene ?
What is the origin of the word `` pallbearer ? ''
Why is Microsoft 's Windows 3 software so successful ?
What is deadrise , nautical , ?
How do I find a city if I have the area code ?
What do you do when your mouse is n't working as fast as it 's supposed to ?
What is a gandy dancer ?
What 's the rathaus in Frankfurt ?
What incident caused the canning of a summit conference between Eisenhower and Khrushchev ?
What is the difference between a bachelor and a 1 bedroom apartment ?
How do you write a book report ?
What are Cobol , Fortran , and Pascal ?
What is Garry Kasparov famous for ?
How do you measure the heat of the sun ?
Why do some people have two different color eyes ?
How do birds find their way back to the same place every year ?
What is a wart ?
What is spaceball played on ?
How does rabies spread ?
How can you tell if someone is lying ?
What is the difference between a preface and a foreword ?
What does storm wave mean in Japanese ?
Why do they sterilize the needle for lethal injection ?
How can you get rust stains out of clothing ?
How does a small businessman contact the Good Humor Ice Cream company to do business with them ?
What caused the Titanic to sink ?
What is the chemiosmotic theory ?
How does an ion drive work ?
How can I trace my family roots ?
What is a courier ?
How do you get a girl to have sex with you ?
What happens when lightning strikes a body of water ?
What does e=mc2 mean ?
How do I contact answers.com ?
What causes asthma ?
What do the number 1 , 2 , and 4 mean on Dr. Pepper bottles ?
How can I find out how much it costs to raise a baby for six months ?
What is a heuristic ?
How did the jack-o '-lantern get it 's name ?
Why can 't ostriches fly ?
Why are the rooftops in Canada green ?
In Waugh 's `` A Handful of Dust , '' what does the mad old man force the hero to do every afternoon ?
What does Choo Choo Charlie say ?
How do I register a trade name in North Carolina ?
What is a Jake brake ?
What does the number 33 on the Rolling Rock beer bottle mean ?
What is the origin of the city `` Corpus Christi '' ?
Where does `` bovine '' come from ?
What is dew point ?
How do you become a dentist ?
What is multimedia ?
What is the difference between terry cloth and French terry ?
What are `` inkhorn terms '' ?
What is the difference between pop music and rock and roll ?
What does hazmat stand for ?
What is `` bloodhound '' ?
What are the environmental influences on plant genetics ?
What is carpal tunnel syndrome ?
Why is it called `` hamburger '' if there is no ham in it ?
Why does cotton get caught in belly buttons ?
How does a glacier form ?
What does palindromic mean ?
What baseball expression came from the nautical term for ships sailing between the Atlantic and Pacific before the Panama Canal ?
How does Belle describe her life in Beauty and the Beast ?
What is the Socratic method ?
What is hypertext ?
What do I need to learn to design web pages ?
Shea and Gould closed their Los Angeles office for what reason ?
Why are lions called `` King of the Jungle '' ?
What 's the difference and advantages of selecting a Super VHS VCR over plain VHS model ?
How do you convert foot-pounds to foot-inches ?
Why did David Koresh ask the FBI for a word processor ?
How do you do a bibliography with an unknown author ?
What is Greek pita ?
What is narcolepsy ?
What does the name ` Alexandra ' mean ?
What is leukemia ?
How does the tail affect the flight of a kite ?
Why are the U.S. presidential elections held in November ?
How does marijuana lead to other drugs ?
What 's the meaning of the zoological term ruminant ?
What is hyperopia ?
How do you pronounce `` Tzimisce '' ?
What is e-commerce ?
How did names come about ?
How does ultraviolet light damage the DNA of skin cells ?
What was the verdict in the trial of Lizzie Borden ?
What does the Greek word polis mean , as in Minneapolis ?
What is the literal meaning of `` D-DAY '' ?
Why do the chickenpoxs last so long ?
How did the U.S. come into the possession of an empire in the wake of the Spanish-American War ?
What does the name `` Sheri '' mean ?
What do Japanese school uniforms look like ?
How did people respond to the idea of the first millenium ?
What is swap math ?
What is hypnotherapy ?
What is the biblical meaning of ` stones ' ?
How can I find out my biorhythm ?
What are the words to the song sung by `` Banana in Pajamas '' ?
Why are organ transplants more successful today ?
What is the root of all evil ?
Why does it snow ?
What is `` Vocal Sampling '' ?
How do windmills work ?
What is the origin of the word trigonometry ?
What is Compaq 's mission statement ?
How did Rocky Marciano die ?
What are some fun things to do in Cozumel , Mexico for teenagers ?
What is the definition of hazmat ?
What is crabgrass ?
What is The Gay Science ?
Why is Jane Goodall famous ?
What is main reason for that electric vehicles can 't be popular nowadays ?
What is the difference between optical and digital video ?
What clause in the U.S. Constitution may not be changed , altered or amended ?
What 's new in the postal world in 1999 ?
What is the difference between the anus and the rectum ?
What is a Guild ?
What is the difference between college and graduate school ?
How do I change a file from an ART file to a JPEG or Bitmap file ?
What is Franz Kafka 's short story `` A Country Doctor '' trying to tell us ?
What are the lyrics to the Star Spangled Banner ?
What will a compass do in outer space ?
How is water treated to make it safe to drink ?
What is a hydrogen bond ?
How do you write a correct critical analysis of a poem ?
How do I check if my modem is v.9 compatible ?
What is a multiplexer ?
What are the Poconos ?
What does caliente mean , in English ?
What is Jane Goodall famous for ?
What is thalassemia ?
Why can 't you taste anything when you have a cold ?
What is so powerful about Power Bars ?
What happens when a body part falls asleep ?
What is June 's birthstone ?
Why do we ask for the `` check '' and not the bill at a restaurant ?
What is the origin of the proverb `` A stitch in time saves nine '' ?
Why is Thanksgiving on a Thursday ?
How do telephones work ?
What is diabetes ?
What 's a short ton ?
What is goldenseal ?
What is the Lost Colony ?
What is Tetrinet ?
How do you clean an LCD monitor screen ?
What is amezaiku ?
What is the definition of `` chancery '' file in real estate ?
How do you handle a hungry man ?
Why do eyes sometimes look red in photographs ?
What is Zionism ?
What have you not let a tennis ball do if you volley ?
What else has the swastika stood for ?
Why do people get goosebumps when they have something emotional happen to them , like when they hear a beautiful piece of music , or see something beautiful , or get aroused by someone they love ?
What is meant by the term `` yield to maturity '' in reference to bonds ?
How did the war of 1812 affect Delaware ?
How do you box train a cat ?
How was Teddy Roosevelt related to FDR ?
How does lightning travel ?
What is troilism ?
How do you identify prime numbers ?
Why do we call someone `` honey '' ?
What 's a water funnel ?
What is a Chinese `` spouting '' bowl ?
What does an emperor do ?
How do they raise the cranes when building high-rise buildings ?
What was Al Capone finally imprisoned for , in 1931 ?
How do I find info about rice importers in the world ?
What is the song Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin about ?
How does hair curl ?
What is the origin of the first name ` Breony ' ?
What is the origin of `` Beauty is in the eye of the beholder '' ?
What do the 12 days of Christmas mean ?
What 's the last line of Dickens 's A Christmas Carol ?
How come light bulbs go out ?
For what reason did the Shea & Gould law firm close their L.A. office ?
What is the difference between a bottle and a jar ?
What happens to the female body with lack of sleep and food ?
How do I find out what cities are in a certain area code ?
What is hydrogen ?
What is recruitment interview technique ?
How does a hurricane form ?
What does the donation process entail ?
How do birds have sex ?
What is Occam 's Razor ?
What are the medical purposes of `` clitoridectomy '' ?
How is thalassemia defined ?
What is a storm surge ?
How do you use `` farther '' as opposed to `` further '' ?
How is cologne made ?
What does camera-ready art mean ?
What happened to Phillip Taylor Kramer ?
What is the origin of the Christmas tree ?
How do you determine if a computer monitor has an SVGA adapter ?
What does the term `` spaghetti western '' mean ?
What are differences between 1980 and 1990 ?
Why is Indiglo called Indiglo ?
What motto ended Merrie Melodies cartoons ?
What is Cabarnet Sauvignon ?
What is a virtual IP address ?
How do movie blues screens work ?
How does the speed the magnet spins in a generator affect the output of the generator ?
What was the Vietnam War ?
What is La Nina ?
Why did the Globe Theatre burn down ?
What is meant by blood SED rate ?
Why is the development of space so important ?
What is the nursery rhyme Rock-a-by Baby about ?
What is the origin of gametophytic tissue ?
What does Aaron mean ?
What is a conifer ?
What is different about the red and black fox ?
What is e-commerce ?
How do I tie a tie ?
What is chromatology ?
How was the ACLU formed ?
What are Kythnos , Siphnos , Seriphos and Mykonos ?
Why are there no white lines on pro footballs ?
How is Abigail Arcane related to the villainous opponent of the Swamp Thing ?
What did Mighty Mouse always sing as he went into action ?
How did Bob Marley die ?
What is the origin of the word `` mushroom '' ?
How do microwaves work ?
What is the recommended daily requirement for folic acid for pregnant women ?
What is the HIGHEST Roman numeral ?
How is digital audio used ?
How is bubble wrap made ?
What is Java ?
What is a mathematical factor ?
What made Jane Goodall famous ?
What can be done about snoring ?
What is porphyria ?
What made the Finger Lakes in western New York state ?
Why does the sun shine only a short time in Alaska ?
How does blood clot ?
What effect does friction have on perpetual motion ?
What is he doing now ?
Where did the term `` 69 '' come from ?
What is it like to experience a near death episode ?
Why didn 't European colonial rule spread until after the first and second industrial revolutions ?
How do I know someone is truly in love with me ?
What is literary criticism ?
How do you throw a housewarming party ?
What does the term 3 mean to a newspaper editor ?
What does Freddy Freeman say to become Captain Marvel Jr. ?
What is the distinction of Erle Stanley Gardner 's The Case of the Terrified Typist ?
What is the origin of the word `` amen '' ?
What is limbo ?
What is a tonne ?
What is the Bernoulli Principle ?
What is difference between a poster and a print ?
What is false consciousness ?
How did the Great Depression affect Japan 's history ?
What are some chemical properties of mendelevium ?
What is the origin of the word `` sideburns '' ?
What is a First World country ?
How does salt melt ice and snow ?
What does laser stand for ?
What is mandibulofacial dysostosis ?
What was the reason for the partition of the Anglican and Vatican churches ?
What is Butterfield 8 in Butterfield 8 ?
What is the origin of the candy cane at Christmas ?
What happens to used motor oil ?
How did the 7th inning stretch get started ?
What was Nine Tailors , the television show from 1974 , about ?
How does the Elongated Man know a mystery is afoot ?
What is Boston Kreme ?
What is a swatch ?
What does Ouija mean ?
What steps can be taken to prevent diabetes ?
What were the first words spoken on a film sound track ?
Where did the saying `` rule of thumb '' come from ?
Why does sound travel quicker through water than air ?
What is the `` Global Economy '' ?
What is a caul ?
What does the theory of quantum leaps mean in simpler terms ?
What is a bone marrow transplant ?
What is the difference between a classical and an acoustic guitar ?
What is home banking ?
How do hermit crabs reproduce ?
How do you stop junk snail mail ?
What is hydroelectricity ?
How does an abacus work ?
What causes rust ?
What according to the Kinsey Institute , is the sexual preference of four percent of American males ?
What is splatterpunk ?
What is the orgin of xoxoxox ?
What is time ?
How do you get silly putty out of fabric ?
Why is the word `` abbreviation '' so long ?
What is a cake of soap ?
What are the lyrics to `` Smelly Cat '' ?
What are the requirements for becoming a citizen of Australia ?
What is idealab ! ?
What is Win Rah ?
Why is the moon different sizes and colors ?
How close a cousin was Franklin D. to Theodore Roosevelt ?
How do boats float ?
What is an urban legend ?
What is Smartnet ?
What are vermicilli , rigati , zitoni , and tubetti ?
What is the purpose of the SysRq key on my computer keyboard ?
How do you find out what is allowed to claim as a contibution for income tax purposes ?
How do you build a solar car for a high school experiment ?
What is the feudal system ?
What is the main application of sodium hydrosulfite ?
What do pointed letters mean to a handwriting analyst ?
What is the origin of the name Igor ?
What is the difference between a college and a university ?
What are the limits to `` self-defense ? ''
How can I get my product licensed by the NBA ?
What effect does a prism have on light ?
What is software piracy ?
How do you calculate the change in enthalpy of a chemical reaction ?
What are some children 's rights ?
How is the element strontium purified ?
How did Peabody and Sherman travel through time ?
How do you make dumplings ?
What is the meaning of the name Kathryn ?
What should you do for an ankle sprain ?
What is thermal equilibrium ?
What is the origin of the typing practice sentence `` Now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of their country '' ?
How is an executioner determined ?
What is the medical condition of hypertension ?
What is Doegs ?
How do I find if my relatives were on the Trail of Tears ?
How do you select wine ?
What is infomatics ?
What is the purpose of BIOS ?
Why did the Shea & Gould law firm leave Los Angeles ?
What is a pig in a poke ?
What is a cullion ?
What are the most common causes of death in the U.S. ?
Why is the universe flat , if it started by an explosion , shouldn 't it be a sphere ?
What is barnstorming ?
What was the importance of Magellan ?
What do I have to do to get good grades in school ?
What is the origin of the term `` buffalo wings '' that is used as a menu item in bars across the nation for chicken wings in a spicey sauce ?
What type of childhood did Jules Verne have ?
What is a leper ?
What are the `` Star Wars '' satellites ?
What is a philanthropist ?
What is a portal ?
How do websites like Yahoo and Excite make money ?
How do they produce vitamins ?
What does idle mean ?
What was the claim to fame of the football game that saw Fordham defeat Waynesburg State 12601 on September 3 , 1939 ?
What is a serigraph ?
What are the words to the cd Eminem 's , or slim shady , `` My Name Is '' ?
What is the meaning of `` subaru ? ''
What is endometriosis ?
What is a geoscientist ?
From what cause does tuberculosis stem ?
What is the VDRL test of blood ?
Why is hockey so violent ?
What is a leaky heart valve ?
How can I give myself a French manicure ?
What is the definition of the Scrabble word ` syzygy ' ?
How does the car in `` Christine '' become possessed ?
What are the Low Countries ?
Why do people shake hands to show friendliness ?
Why do they call it a `` funny bone '' ?
What exactly is radiation ?
What exactly , specifically does sleep do for you ?
What does a red flag mean in auto racing ?
What is osteichthyes ?
How do you do a topic outline ?
How can a foreigner get a U.S. Social Security card ?
What does the term glory hole mean ?
What 's the staff of life mentioned in the Lord 's Prayer ?
What do you need to do to marry someone in jail ?
How does marl form and what mineral does it contain ?
How do I get my LAN card activated so that it can hook up to another computer without using a HUB ?
What do insects do through their spiracles ?
What is the origin of Boxing Day ?
What was the rallying cry of the early American revolutionaries ?
What are the short- and long-term effects of underage drinking ?
What 's the claim to fame of night watchman Frank Wills ?
What is a bone marrow transplant meant for ?
What does the name Calder mean ?
What makes Black Hills , South Dakota a tourist attraction ?
How can I gain access to a spy satelite ?
What is Archimedes famous for ?
What is cunnilingus ?
What is object-oriented design ?
Why does a woman have to be a virgin to be a nun ?
How does food color affect how you think it will taste ?
What does verdandi mean ?
What is the origin of `` barbeque '' ?
How do you clean badly tarnished brass ?
How can you define time ?
How is plastic made ?
How do ants have sex ?
What is a nematode ?
What is the meaning of `` CPR '' ?
What is capitalism according to Max Weber ?
Why do oceans contain salt water instead of fresh water ?
What does the word affiant mean ?
How do they type Chinese characters on a keyboard ?
What does the word terrorism mean ?
What does N est-ce pas mean ?
What is the origin of the word `` tampon '' ?
How can I get a CCT diagram ?
What is a plant supplement ?
How do you do a bibliography page ?
What is an ecological niche ?
Where did the term fireplug come from ?
What facial feature did Walt Disney sport that none of Disney 's employees is allowed to ?
How do vending machines tell if your dollar is a 1 or a 5 ?
What is a drought ?
What are the benefits of home school ?
What do Hank Aaron , Jimmy Stewart , and Howard K. Smith have in common ?
Why was Henry Ford 's first automobile calleda Model T & his second type of automobile , introduced in 1928 , called a Model A ?
How do companies cut paper so thin ?
What is `` the computer for the rest of us '' ?
What nuclear process takes place in an H-bomb ?
What is office automation ?
What does Lloyd 's Lutine Bell announce ?
What is `` cat scratch fever '' ?
How do wasps make their nests ?
How come a doughnut has a hole in it ?
What happened to Pompeii ?
What is the definition of a witch ?
What are the cookies in Internet ?
What is the difference between molecules and compounds ?
Why are so many umbrellas black ?
What is the difference between fatalism and determinism ?
How do cameras take pictures ?
Why is Microsoft 's Windows 3 such a successful computer program ?
What is the origin of U.S. Army sergeant 's stripes ?
What is proposition 98 about ?
Why does a candle go out when we blow on it ?
What makes salt ?
Where does the expression `` cloud nine '' come from ?
What is lung cancer ?
Why were red M&Ms discontinued then brought back ?
What causes an earthquake ?
What does `` saute '' mean ?
Why did the Aztecs first think the Spanish were Gods ?
What are the rules to `` snow golf '' ?
What is ouzo ?
What is making love ?
Why are peanut butter cookies topped with crisscrosses ?
What is a urologist ?
What qualifications are there for individuals donating blood ?
What is the history of the hairdryer ?
What happened in the city of Dogtown in 1899 ?
How do you make a million bucks ?
What is the definition of spamming ?
What was the infamous feat of Germany 's U-2 submarine ?
Why do many Native American students not complete college ?
How does a bill become law ?
What is a disaccharide ?
Colin Powell is most famous for what ?
How do you buy stocks ?
What does appropriates money mean ?
How did former WWF wrestler Rick Rude die ?
What is a `` False Moon '' ?
How can I get rich quick ?
How is the word ` qigong ' pronounced ?
What is the history of Hot Wheels cars , and how are they produced ?
What is a `` repeating voter '' ?
What are dingoes ?
How can I get someone 's email address ?
How did P.T. Barnum bill the diminutive Charles S. Stratton ?
What are pomegranates ?
Why do pharmacists work on raised floors ?
How do they find an epicenter ?
What did Cool Hand Luke go to jail for ?
What was the V-8 Juice slogan : `` the tastebud '' ?
What makes you fat ?
How do I know if I 'm jealous of someone ?
How does James Bond like his martinis ?
What is a wet dream ?
What happened to Pepsi Clear ?
What is a Mexican hairless ?
How did Socrates die ?
How can scientists predict weather by observing clouds ?
What is the origin of the expression `` four-letter word '' ?
What is the difference between a board of directors and an advisory board ?
What is the cultural origin of the ceremony of potlatch ?
What was the claim to fame of Explorer I , launched February 1 , 1958 ?
In the song `` Yankee Doodle , '' why did Yankee Doodle stick a feather in his cap and call it macaroni ?
What is the origin of the word nevermind ?
What is power steering ?
How does a chick breathe inside an egg ?
How do you dunk ?
How do plants make food ?
How did the Hohenzollerns build their power around 17 ?
Why was Washington , DC originally called District of Columbia ?
How do I find a snowboarding website ?
Why do movie and TV stars get paid so much ?
What is a turnkey contract ?
What are people doing to help prevent the extinction of birds ?
Why is the mile 528 feet ?
How is carbon dioxide removed from natural gas ?
How does the Nintendo `` Zapper '' work ?
What is InterLata Internet service ?
What is the `` fourth dimension '' ?
What is `` alternative '' anymore ?
Why do they call a hamburger a hamburger when there is no ham ?
What is a biologist ?
What revelation did Alexander Butterfield make to the Senate Watergate committee ?
How can I get started in writing for television ?
How do you get a pointsettia to turn red ?
How can I get in touch with Michael Moore of `` Roger & Me '' ?
How is ` qigong ' properly pronounced ?
What is a `` node '' in computer terms ?
What is the origin of the word Marijuana ?
How can SQL queries be improved ?
How do you make a computer chip ?
What is Linux ?
What is agent orange ?
Why shouldn 't you remove a bee stinger with tweezers ?
Why did Europeans first come to Australia and Oceania ?
What did the Confederate Constitution say about slavery ?
What problems contributed to the high failure rate of Plains farmers in the 1800s ?
How effective are condoms in protecting against AIDS ?
How can I call a friend in another country when I do not know the telephone number ?
How do they get Teflon to stick to the pan ?
What is the origin of music ?
How does crosstalk relate to InSb thickness in infrared detectors ?
What does seccession mean ?
What will the weather be today ?
How can I determine the radius of an ellipse ?
What is the Golden Rule ?
How does color affect a person psychologically ?
What is sound ?
What are the current immigration laws in US ?
Why does it say on children 's cough syrup not to drive while using this medication ?
What is the difference between khaki and chino ?
What is the origin of infinity ?
What are the side effects of mevacor ?
Colin Powell is best known for what achievement ?
Why should cigarette smoking be banned ?
What is the origin of the rock band Led Zeppelin 's name ?
How was Lawrence
How do I know if I am pregnant ?
What 's the meaning of the name Tatiana ?
Where did the name root beer come from ?
Why is Rush 's 2112 called 2112 ?
What 's the state motto of California ?
What function does homeostasis have on the existence of an organism ?
What are the Baltic States ?
How has TV affected our society ?
What is osmosis ?
What are the seven deadly sins ?
What does the name Melissa mean ?
What is the nature of snow and how is the formation of snow different from that of ice ?
How can I get someone 's phone number if I only have their screen name ?
What 's the motto of the Boy Scouts ?
What 's a male `` cuckquean '' ?
What are the factors leading to the high teen pregnancy rate in Spartanburg , South Carolina ?
Why are ice cream sundaes called sundaes ?
What 's distinctive about a palmiped 's feet ?
What is goulash ?
How does a parachute work ?
What is the history of Spartacus , the Roman slave and gladiator ?
What is object-oriented design ?
What does Melissa mean ?
What is form drag ?
What currents affect the area of the Shetland Islands and Orkney Islands in the North Sea ?
How can I stop or slow down aging ?
How does Cos Cob , CT get its name ?
How did Super President gain his powers on the animated series ?
What are values ?
What causes blue balls ?
How did the months of the year get there name ?
What is a glory hole ?
How does it make its colors ?
What would happen to Canada if Quebec separated ?
What is ` Last Chance for Animals ' ?
What is the weather like on the moon ?
What are boxcars ?
How do I keep cats out of my flower garden for good ?
How can you tell when figs are ripe ?
How do I love thee ?
How does a hydroelectric dam work ?
What are binomial coefficients ?
What was The Living Room War ?
What was Suzy Parker doing to earn $1 , 000 in the early 1950 's ?
Why are there letters on the telephone ? Why are there no Q or Z ?
What is an Angelus ?
What makes sperm ?
How do I know how much money to save for retirement ?
What does the dot on the letter i mean ?
What is the origin of the term soda jerk ?
What is the cause of endangered species ?
What is the definition of cecum ?
How do I do this ?
What is the origin of the word `` Teddy bear '' ?
What are Fortune 500 companies ?
What is the difference between ninjitsu and kung fu ?
How do you fix squeaky floors ?
What good are mosquitoes ?
How do you get bubblegum out of carpet ?
What is the Peloponnesian League ?
What are tannins ?
How does General Mills manufacture Cheerios ?
What personality traits are Capricorns said to have ?
What caused the death of Bob Marley ?
What is Sinn Fein ?
What is Megan 's law ?
What is usenet for the Internet ?
What are field effect transistors ?
What is witch hazel ?
Why is Chicago named Chicago ?
What exactly is the purpose of the anteater ?
What is an auto-commentary ?
What is deconstructionism ?
What did Lenny Bruce say that got him arrested ?
Why do airliners crash vs. gliding down ?
What are those little blue reflectors in the middle of the road for ?
How is saline used in medicine ?
What is the text of the Fifth Amendment ?
What is the Internet2 ?
What is the Milky Way ?
What is Remembrance Day all about ?
What is meant by `` capital market '' ?
In My Antonia , how is Mr. Shimerda out of place on the farm ?
What is the difference between hair and fur ?
What is the difference between love and infatuation ?
How do I find out the exact time of a sunset for a particular day ?
What are the benefits of a rowing machine ?
What 's a `` coup de poing '' to a French boxer ?
What 's the difference between carelessness and carefreeness ?
Why does tuberculosis afflict people ?
What is tyvek ?
How did Asia get its name ?
What can I do to get into an Ivy League school ?
What is `` the only cigarette made with no leftovers '' ?
How can people from Ireland come to the U.S. , work , and then return to Ireland ?
What is the history of Buffalo chicken wings ?
What is humidity ?
What is yohimbine ?
What is `` Chicago Hope '' ?
What category does the color pink denote in the Trivial Pursuit Baby Boomer Edition ?
What is Margaret Thatcher known for ?
How do I contact Answers.com direct ?
What causes a person to have constantly sweaty hands and feet ?
What happened to Answers.com ?
What is the spectrum of a sine wave ?
What is a person 's socioeconomic position ?
What do you say to a friend who ignores you for other friends ?
What does the name Jenna mean ?
Why do girls have to wear training bras ?
How did Edith Bunker die ?
Define Spumante .
What are geckos ?
What is cosmology ?
What is habeas corpus ?
How do you use an intranet ?
Why do USA fax machines not work in UK , NNP ?
What is federal income tax ?
What was the verdict in the 1925 trial of John T. Scopes ?
What is a common dolphin ?
How is Answers.com funded ?
How do you find the area of a circle ?
What do the red-and-white stripes on a barbershop pole stand for ?
What was the `` Dead Man 's Hand '' ?
How do I find a web address for a company ?
Where did the marriage ceremony come from ?
Colin Powell is famous for what ?
What is a specimen of basidiomycetes ?
What are faults in the earth 's crust ?
What was an `` Asiento '' ?
What kind of greeting is appropriate to send on Yom Kippur ?
What is dextropropoxyphen napsylate ?
What is Srpska Krajina ?
How was the Kennedy money made ?
What does Esa-Pekka Salonen look like ?
How did water appear on the earth ?
What does Robert mean ?
How do anti-locking brakes work ?
How does the chain of command work inside an US army Apache helicopter ?
What is a hormone ?
What is fellatio ?
What characteristics contribute to its `` intelligence '' ?
How were the days of the week named ?
What is fiber in food ?
Why do some jets have a vapor trail , and others do not ?
What is the S&P 500 used for ?
What does `` Philebus-like '' mean ?
What is nuclear proliferation ?
Why do you say `` God bless you '' when people sneeze ?
Why does a wheel , e.g. a car tire , appear to spin in the opposite direction as it slows down ?
What does `` E Pluribus Unum '' on the penny mean ?
What 's the difference between TFT and dual-scan display ?
What is the English meaning of caliente ?
What does the word `` opera '' mean ?
How do you ask questions ?
How can you become an FBI agent ?
Where did the energy for the Big Bang come from ?
What is the difference between the Koran and The Bible ?
What is idealab ! ?
What caused the division between the Anglicans and the Vatican ?
Why was Curious George curious ?
How did U.S.A become involved in the Barbary Wars
What do you know about multicultural and multilingual schools ?
What is the origin of U.S. Army sergeant 's stripes ?
What causes headaches ?
How can I enforce new rules to a group of youngsters who have been allowed to do as they please .
What is the claim to fame of Agra , India ?
What is the Order of the Arrow in Boy Scouts ?
What is the origin of the term `` blue moon , '' and how often do they occur ?
What is an aurora ?
What made the short-lived Star Hawks strip so unique ?
What was the Long March in China ?
What do a diamond and lump of coal have in common ?
What effect does LSD have on the brain ?
What is a horologist ?
What was the effect of the Yalta Conference ?
What do the figures represent on the Easter Island ?
How does a submarine operate ?
How is Paraguay for vacations ?
How do I get a complete list of all the people that are living with the last name Kilvington ?
Define Sinn Fein .
What is in baby powder and baby lotion that makes it smell the way it does ?
What is probability theory ?
How can I look up someone 's E-mail address on the Internet ?
How do you tell somebody you like them ?
What is the origin of thank you notes ?
Why do roosters sing at five o 'clock in the morning ?
What features of the African elephant are larger than those of the Indian elephant ?
What is the poetic meter of blank verse ?
What is the history of the soft drink Mr. Pibb ?
What is platinum ?
Describe the Long March .
Why are eggs supposed to be stored small end down ?
What does the double-O indicate in 007 ?
What is an aortic abdominal aneurysm ?
What are chloroplasts ?
How do I legally make my own will and testament ?
How do you make the color purple ?
How can I search for a word within my own webpage ?
Why are sometimes your hands cold , but the rest of you isn 't ?
What are my legal rights in an automobile repossession in California ?
What is the meaning of caliente , in English , ?
