What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ?
What team did baseball 's St. Louis Browns become ?
What is the oldest profession ?
Name the scar-faced bounty hunter of The Old West .
Who was The Pride of the Yankees ?
Who killed Gandhi ?
Name 11 famous martyrs .
Who was the inventor of silly putty ?
Which company that manufactures video-game hardware sells the `` super system '' ?
What 1920s cowboy star rode Tony the Wonder Horse ?
What ISPs exist in the Caribbean ?
Who was the prophet of the Muslim people ?
Who is Snoopy 's arch-enemy ?
Who do Herb and Tootsie live next door to ?
Who is the founder of Scientology ?
Who starred in Singing in the Rain and The Singing Nun ?
What 19th-century painter died in the Marquesas Islands ?
Who were the five Marx brothers ?
What company 's logo is a `` W '' in a circle ?
Who invented Make-up ?
Which of the following was Rhodes Scholar ?
Who comprised the now-defunct comic book team known as the Champions ?
What crooner joined The Andrews Sisters for Pistol Packin Mama ?
What piano company claims its product is the `` Instrument of the immortals '' ?
What actress has received the most Oscar nominations ?
Who produces Spumante ?
Who earns their money the hard way ?
Who founded the People 's Temple Commune ?
What athlete makes the most money from sports merchandise sales ?
Who discovered electricity ?
Who was the first American in space ?
Which Japanese car maker had its biggest percentage of sale in the domestic market ?
Who is the mayor of Marbella ?
Who sings the themes for `` Dawson 's Creek '' and `` Felicity '' ?
Who directed `` Jaws '' ?
What Indian tribe is F Troop perpetually doing battle with ?
What is the name of the managing director of Apricot Computer ?
What is the occupation of Nicholas Cage ?
Which Ventura County police department seized the largest cocaine shipment in it 's history ?
Who created Dennis the Menace ?
What dummy received an honorary degree from Northwestern University ?
Name Alvin 's brothers
What actor said in A Day at the Races : `` Either he 's dead or my watch has stopped '' ?
What explorer was nicknamed Iberia 's Pilot ?
Which company created the Internet browser Mosaic ?
What organization 's offices were broken into at Watergate in 1972 ?
What Russian composer 's Prelude in C Sharp Minor brought him fame and fortune ?
Who was the mother of the man who would not be king , the duke of Windsor ?
What was the name of the first Russian astronaut to do a spacewalk ?
Who wrote NN DT NNP NNP '' ?
What diminutive American female gymnast stole the show at the 1984 Olympics ?
What schools in the Washington , DC NN NN VBP NN NN NN NN .
Who is Terrence Malick ?
Who was President of Afghanistan in 1994 ?
Who was the lead actress in the movie ` Sleepless in Seattle ' ?
Who was the 16th President of the United States ?
Who are the two sons of Ozzie and Harriet Nelson ?
Who was the author of the book about computer hackers called `` The Cuckoo 's Egg : Tracking a Spy Through the Maze of Computer Espionage '' ?
Who was the founding member of the Pink Floyd band ?
What toy company is the world 's No.1 maker of female apparel ?
Which Doonesbury character was likely to turn into a werewolf ?
Who has won the most Super Bowls ?
Who has the only speaking role in `` Silent Movie '' ?
What girl 's name is `` Teddy '' an affectionate form of ?
What company tabulates the ballots in voting for the Academy Awards ?
Who made a boat out of gopher wood ?
Which Bloom County resident wreaks havoc with a computer ?
What part did John Peter Zenger play in the deveopment of the newspaper in America ?
Who followed Caesar ?
Who was the first woman golfer to earn a million ?
Who does the advertizing for Frito-Lay ?
Who is the leading competitor of Trans Union Company ?
Who invented the radio ?
Who is the man behind the pig-the man who pulls the strings and speaks for Miss Piggy ?
What actor first portrayed James Bond ?
Who was the first American poet to win the Nobel Prize for literature , in 1948 ?
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?
Who are the Challengers of the Unknown ?
Who was the first coach of the Cleveland Browns ?
Who said of Super Bowl III in 1969 : `` We 'll win- I guarantee it '' ?
Who declared : `` I am down on whores and I shan 't stop ripping them '' ?
What Soviet leader owned a Rolls-Royce ?
Who wrote the song , `` Stardust '' ?
Who is the only prime minister of Canada to serve 22 years but not necessarily consecutively ?
Who received the Will Rogers Award in 1989 ?
What was the name of the lawyer who represented Randy Craft ?
What United States President had dreamed that he was assassinated ?
What Polynesian people inhabit New Zealand ?
What President lived at 219 North Delaware Street , Independence , Missouri ?
What famous model was married to Billy Joel ?
Who danced into stardom with Fred Astaire in 1941 's You 'll Never Get Rich ?
Who is Stein Eriksen ?
Who is the fastest swimmer in the world ?
What actor 's autobiography is titled All My Yesterdays ?
What Russian master spy lived in the U.S. under the name Emil Goldfus ?
Who played the original Charlie 's Angels ?
Who wrote The Night of the Iguana ?
Who painted Mother and Child ?
What was Mao 's second name ?
Who is the `` Queen Mother '' ?
Who has more DNA - a man or a woman ?
What level of government or governmental agency is responsible for dealing with racism ?
Who came up with the name , El Nino ?
What dictator has the nickname `` El Maximo '' ?
What stereo manufacturer is `` Slightly ahead of its time '' ?
What TV sitcom character had the maiden name Ethel Potter ?
Who kept the most famous diary in the English language ?
What Spanish artist painted Crucifixion ?
What spy novelist served as Moscow correspondent for Reuter and The Times of London ?
Which oil company almost picked a word that meant `` stalled car '' in Japanese as its new international name ?
Who was Randy Steven Craft 's lawyer ?
Who was the first host of Person to Person ?
Name the Ranger who was always after Yogi Bear .
Who is the superstar in rent-a-cars ?
Who is the president of Stanford University ?
Whose first presidential order was : `` Let 's get this goddamn thing airborne '' ?
Who invented baseball ?
Who was shot in the back during a Poker game in Deadwood , the Dakota territory ?
What is the best college in the country ?
What wrestling star became `` The Incredible Hulk '' ?
Who was the star of the 1965 Broadway hit Golden Boy ?
What army was founded by William Booth and his wife Catherine ?
What was her real name ?
Who invented the toothbrush ?
What baseball star turned down a $1 , 000-a-year contract because he felt he had n't earned it ?
What video game hero do some of his fans call Chomper ?
What TV comediennes 's characters include former movie star Nora Desmond , secretary Mrs. Wiggins and a housewife named Eunice ?
What was the name of the 187s Irish terrorist group in Pennsylvania mining areas ?
Who played the Ringo Kid in the 1939 film Stagecoach ?
Who died 1 feet from where John F. Kennedy did ?
What first name was Nipsy Russell given at birth ?
Who is the youngest of the Beatles ?
Who is Coronado ?
Who was the first Holy Roman Emperor ?
Name the organization that is presided by a Security Council .
Who graced the airwaves with such pearls as `` Do ya lo-o-ove me ? Get naked , baby ! '' ?
Who portrayed portly criminologist Carl Hyatt on Checkmate ?
Whom did the Chicago Bulls beat in the 1993 championship ?
Who is Desmond Tutu ?
What are the first names of Rowan and Martin , the stars of TV 's Laugh-In ?
Who is the worst US President ever ?
What Asian leader was known as The Little Brown Saint ?
Who sings the song `` Drink to me with thine eyes '' by Ben Johnson ?
Who is the monarch of the United Kingdom ?
What are the top ten most common girl names in the US ?
Who does data collection in tourism ?
What was the name of the daughter of the Virginia chief Powhatan that married John Rolfe ?
Who were the four famous founders of United Artists ?
Who was the only U.S. President to wear a Nazi uniform ?
Woodrow Wilson served as president of what university ?
What 's the nickname of oddsmaker Jimmy Snyder ?
What was Queen Victoria 's title regarding India ?
Whose autobiography is titled Yes I Can ?
Who claimed he killed 4 , 280 buffalo as food for the crew building the Kansas Pacific Railway ?
What double talking `` professor '' holds a doctorate in Nothing ?
What 19th-century writer had a country estate on the Hudson dubbed Sunnyside ?
What was the name of the cook on Rawhide ?
Who was named Admiral of the Ocean Seas and Viceroy and Governor General of all the islands he might discover , and also granted 10-?? of all profits of his voyage .
What author landed a 468-pound marlin without harness in the early 193 's ?
What lawyer won the largest divorce settlement , $85 million , in U.S. history for Sheika Dena Al-Farri ?
Who delivered his last newscast on March 6 , 1981 ?
What former major-league left-handed baseball pitcher was known as `` Space Man '' ?
What was Michelangelo 's last name ?
Who is Barbara Jordan ?
Who was the Democratic nominee in the American presidential election ?
What President-to-be was the first member of Congress to enlist following the attack on Pearl Harbor ?
What college produced the most winning Super Bowl quarterbacks ?
What classical Spanish writer warned : `` All that glitters is not gold '' ?
What actor married John F. Kennedy 's sister ?
Who fired Maria Ybarra from her position in San Diego council ?
Who was the first black golfer to tee off in the Masters ?
What U.S. President showed a fondness for munching on bee pollen bars ?
Whose cover is that of an employee of Universal Import and Export ?
What former president 's daughter has written a book titled Murder in the White House ?
What fictional character is known as the `` melancholy Dane '' ?
What longtime game show host dropped dead while jogging in Central Park in 1984 ?
Who were the `` filthiest people alive ? ''
What is the real name of disc jockey `` Wolfman Jack '' ?
Who invented silly putty ?
What new middle school was built in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania last year ?
Who patented the first phonograph ?
Who created private detective Philip Marlowe ?
Who is Colin Powell ?
Who coined the term NN cyberspace `` in his novel NN Neuromancer '' ?
What is her profession ?
What is the full name of the man who invented the multicolored game cube that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations ?
Who was Lauren Bacall 's first husband ?
What U.S. Congressman said : `` Keep the faith , baby '' .
Who created the character of Scrooge ?
What party was Winston Churchill a member of ?
What American League baseball team 's worst finish between 1926 and 1964 was fourth ?
Who was the author of `` John Brown 's Body '' ?
What American poet wrote : `` Good fences make good neighbors '' ?
What was the occupation of Mandy Rice-Davies ?
Who painted the Sistine Chapel ?
Name the various costumed personas of Dr. Henry Pym .
What explorers followed Columbus to the Americas ?
Who is actress Goldie Hawn 's current actor boyfriend ?
Who banned Peter Rose from baseball for betting on games ?
What are the names of Richard Nixon 's two daughters ?
What organization was founded by the Rev. Jerry Falwell ?
What company is being bought by Yahoo and how much is the deal worth ?
Who was nicknamed The Little Corporal ?
What was American folk hero John Chapman 's nickname ?
What author did photographer Yousuf Karsh call `` the shiest man I ever met '' ?
Name the poet of the poem which begins : I do not know much about gods ; but I think that the river Is a strong brown god-sullen , and untamed ?
What barroom judge called himself The Law West of the Pecos ?
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?
Who was chairman of the Senate select committee that tried to get to the bottom of Watergate ?
What actor starred in 1980 's Blue Lagoon , 1982 's The Pirate Movie and 1983 's A Night in Heaven ?
Who is the voice of Miss Piggy ?
Who replaced Bert Parks as the host of The Miss America Pageant ?
Who was the first person inducted into the U.S. Swimming Hall of Fame ?
What golfer has been called Ohio Fats and Blobbo ?
Who murdered Leno and Rosemary LaBianca on August 1
Which of the following men was not married to Rita Hayworth ?
Who said , `` I shall return . '' during World War Two ?
Who portrayed Etta Place , companion to Butch Cassidey and the Sundance Kid ?
Who was the Charlie perfume woman ?
Who portrayed `` Rosanne Rosanna-Dana '' on the television show `` Saturday Night Live '' ?
What singer became despondent over the death of Freddie Prinze , quit show business , and then quit the business ?
What was the backup singing group for Roy Rogers ?
What famous singing cowboy owns the California Angels baseball team ?
Who was Gerald Ford 's vice president ?
Who invented batteries ?
What title did Suzette Charles assume for two months in 1984 ?
What was the infamous pseudonym of Peter Sutcliffe ?
What is Nicholas Cage 's occupation ?
What Japanese manufacturer is known for both its pianos and its motorcycles ?
Who did Sonny Liston succeed as world heavyweight boxing champion ?
Name the various super-teams to which the Angel has belonged .
What President dispatched a cruiser to carry Charles Lindbergh home after his epic flight ?
Whose video is titled Shape Up with Arnold ?
Who 's the twin brother of the Greek goddess Artemis ?
Who was America 's first Public Enemy No. 1 ?
Who is Dear Abby ?
Who lives at 24 Sussex Drive , Ottawa ?
Who was Monet ?
Who was the famous door-to-door brush salesman ?
What inescapable purveyor of background music celebrated its 5th anniversary in July , 1984 ?
Who is always trying to get the rent from Andy Capp ?
Who did Jackie Kennedy commission to write The Death of a President ?
Who sought to create The Great Society ?
Who said : `` Soldiers win the battles and generals get the credit '' ?
Who is the current UN Secretary General ?
Who provides telephone service in Orange County , California ?
What organization did Mr. Waverly assign agents for ?
What are the characters ' names in the Scooby-Doo cartoon ?
What was Eduard Shevardnadze 's job in the Soviet Union ?
Which is the only Dick Tracy villain to appear three times ?
What is Larry King 's job ?
What feathered cartoon characters do Yugoslavians know as Vlaja , Gaja , and Raja ?
Who was Lacan ?
Who was the Secretary of War in the Civil War during the Battle of Gettysburg ?
Who did Bobby Fischer beat to win the world chess championship ?
Name the lawyer for Randy Craft .
Who lives at 39 Stone Canyon Way ?
Who played Humpty Dumpty in the 1933 film Alice in Wonderland ?
Who is Karenna Gore , Al Gore 's oldest daughter , married to ?
Who played the title role in I Was a Teenage Werewolf ?
What record company produced the 1978 movie The Wiz ?
What is the name of actor Rex Harrison 's son , who starred in a modestly popular TV show during the late 1960's ?
Who was the inventor of the stove ?
What comedian has a legendary reputation for stealing jokes ?
Who was the king who was forced to agree to the Magna Carta ?
Who was made the first honorary citizen of the U.S. ?
What baseball team was routinely called `` dem bums '' by its frustrated fans ?
Name of scholar on whose literal translations from the Chinese and Japanese Ezra Pound depended ?
Name the On Stage character whose face was never seen .
What is the best Internet business to go into ?
Who is known as `` the world 's oldest teenager '' ?
What baseball team owner and sailor is known as The Mouth of the South ?
Who was with Patricia Hearst the night she was kidnaped ?
What is the Viking Prince 's first name ?
What boxer 's life story is titled Raging Bull ?
Who advised listeners to `` see the U.S.A. in your Chevrolet '' ?
What Nobel laureate was expelled from the Philippines before the conference on East Timor ?
What woman has carried the most multiple births , twins , triplets , etc. , ?
Which Bourbon king was restored to the French throne during Napoleon 's abdication ?
What daughter of Henry VIII and Anne Boleyn became queen of England ?
What 's the most common nickname of U.S. college football teams ?
What comedienne upstaged Dwight D. Eisenhower 's first inauguration by giving birth to her first child ?
Who sang about Desmond and Molly Jones ?
What costume designer decided that Michael Jackson should only wear one glove ?
What company was the original sponsor of TV 's Superman ?
Name the blind sculptress in love with the Fantastic Four 's Thing .
What National Basketball Association superstar told his story in Giant Steps ?
Who developed the first polio vaccine ?
Who made the first gas engine ?
What character did Tex Avery first create upon arriving at MGM ?
What Asian spiritual and political leader was married at the age of 13 ?
What English queen had seventeen children ?
What two baseball players make up the battery ?
Who sells Viagra ?
Who was Darius ?
Who did Dita Beard work for ?
Name the university of which Woodrow Wilson was president .
What university was Woodrow Wilson President of ?
Who served as inspiration for the schoolteacher portrayed by Robin Williams in `` Dead Poets Society '' ?
Name the five positions who are in the line of succession to the presidency .
Which one of the original seven Mercury program astronauts did not fly on any of the Mercury flights ?
Who is the best known villain of the 165 Gunpowder Plot ?
Who killed more people , Hitler or Stalin ?
What mustachioed comedian portrayed Frankie in North to Alaska ?
What actor and World War II airman had a $5 , 0 bounty put on his head by Hermann Goering ?
Who is Nicolo Paganini ?
Who portrayed Dracula in Hammer Studios ' films ?
What President 's favorite Biblical quotation was : `` Come now , and let us reason together '' .
Name the food company that traveled to Soviet Georgia to film a series of ads .
What Japanese electronics company was named for a coastal city northeast of Tokyo ?
What mystery writer penned `` ...the glory that was Greece , and the grandeur that was Rome '' ?
What is the protagonist 's name in Dostoevski 's `` The Idiot '' ?
What presidential press secretary dismissed Watergate as a third-rate burglary attempt ?
Who was Jean Nicolet ?
Which of these are authors ?
Who was the original Humpty Dumpty ?
Whose cupboard was bare ?
What 's the name of Popeye 's adopted son ?
Who invented the vacuum cleaner ?
What 2th-century fictional character attends Pencey Prep School ?
Who does Shakespeare 's Antonio borrow 3 , 0 ducats from ?
Who is the Voyager project manager ?
Which radio stations air the Jim Bohannon Radio Talk Show ?
What two commanders directed the forces in the Battle of El Alamein ?
Name the creator of `` The Muppets '' .
Who replies `` I know '' to Princess Leia 's confession `` I love you '' in The Empire Strikes Back ?
What is the name of the firm that makes Spumante ?
Who won the 1967 Academy Award for Best Actor ?
Name the first private citizen to fly in space .
What was football star Elroy Hirsch 's nickname ?
What singer sings `` Oh Boy '' ?
What army 's motto is Blood and Fire ?
What count did Alexandre Dumas write about ?
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?
Who is Luke Skywalker 's father ?
What is the first personal computer company ?
Who was Jane Goodall ?
Who created the comic strip , `` Garfield '' ?
Which Vietnamese terrorist is now a UN delegate in Doonesbury ?
Who is the current prime minister and president of Russia ?
Who established a Viking colony in Greenland about 985 ?
Who shot and killed himself while painting Wheatfield with Crows ?
What future President became Senate majority whip under Harry Truman ?
Who was the architect of Central Park ?
What was the Christian name of the title character in Our Miss Brooks ?
What hard-of hearing artist painted Sunflowers ?
Who were the Yankee 's frequent enemies ?
Who wrote Sons and Lovers ?
What Cherokee Indian gave his name to a tree ?
Who was the star of Leave It to Beaver ?
What was William F. Cody 's better-known name ?
Who did Richard Nixon tender his resignation to ?
Who was Thucydides ?
Which of the following rock 'n roll stars has a `` star '' on Hollywood Boulevard ?
Who took over as conductor of the Boston Pops after Arthur Fiedler 's long reign ?
What Nazi leader killed himself in jail just before he was to be executed as a war criminal ?
Which company claimed to be `` the world 's biggest toy store '' ?
Who is the fastest guitarist ?
Who betrayed Norway to the Nazis ?
Who took the toys donated for the Doodyville Orphans ' Fund and kept them for himself ?
Who were the Picts ?
Who is stationed at Camp Swampy in the comic strips ?
What actor dressed up as Santa Claus and had a once-a-year affair with actress Shelley Winters every Christmas for many years ?
Who wrote The Look of Love after viewing Ursula Andress ?
What is the name of the American swimmer who won seven gold medals in the 1972 Olympics ?
Who claims to have the greatest show on earth ?
What Honeymooners actress did Television magazine name as 1953 's most promising star ?
What kind of organization is ` Last Chance for Animals ' ?
What was the role of the Medieval Guild ?
Silly putty was invented by whom ?
Who invented the paper clip ?
Whom did Lauren Bacall marry after her husband Humphrey Bogart died ?
What composer was awarded the Medal of Honor by Franklin D. Roosevelt ?
Who created the Fantastic Four , Hulk , and Thor ?
Who is the composer of `` Canon in D Major '' ?
Who was the author of the novel `` Far From the Madding Crowd '' ?
What department store heir is responsible for raising a three-ton safe from the underwater wreckage of the Andrea Doria ?
Who was Camp David named for ?
Who portrayed `` the man without a face '' in the movie of the same name ?
Who won the first World Series ?
Who is Samuel Pickering ?
What was the business of the animated Sky Hawks ?
Who was credited with saying : `` I never met a man I did n't like '' ?
What organization has a Security Council ?
What Mexican leader was shot dead in 1923 ?
What female painter produced primitives of rural New England life ?
What are names of two old men who appear in the serial tv Muppets Show ?
Who created Big Ben ?
Name the Marvel team loosely based on DC 's Justice League of America ?
What college football team did Knute Rockne build into a power ?
In what high-risk business venture did Jimmy the Greek bet and lose ?
What fruit-topped actress was known as The Brazilian Bombshell ?
When the Tutankhamun exhibit was on display in the U.S. , what moving company transported it ?
Who played the title role in My Favorite Martian ?
Who invented the game Scrabble ?
When Mighty Mouse was conceived , what was his original name ?
What group starred in the movie Rock Around the Clock ?
What is Nathan Hamill 's role in the new Star Wars prequel ?
What New York Yankee was known as The Iron Horse ?
Who is considered The First Lady of the American Stage ?
Who penned : `` Neither a borrower nor a lender be '' ?
Who headed Hitler 's infamous Gestapo ?
What is a person called that likes fire ?
Name a South African diamond producer ?
Who made the musical plea Be True to Your School ?
What French designer declared : `` The jean is the destructor ! It is a dictator ! It is destroying creativity. The jean must be stopped ! '' ?
Name a band which was famous in the 1960 's .
What comedian was banned from the Ed Sullivan Show for allegedly making an obscene gesture at the show 's host ?
What Apollo 11 astronaut minded the store while Armstrong and Aldrin made history ?
What Good Little Witch is Casper 's girlfriend ?
What was the nickname of Frederick I , Holy Roman Emperor and King of Germany ?
Who made Stonehenge ?
Who 's the founder and editor of The National Review ?
Who was the first governor of West Virginia ?
What famous soldier was born in Europe , died in Asia , and was laid to rest in Africa ?
What culture developed the idea of potlatch ?
What baseball team became the Minnesota Twins ?
What is Michael Jackson 's middle name ?
Who was the first woman to fly solo across the Atlantic ?
Who started the Dominos Pizza chain ?
Which NBA players had jersey number 0 ?
What chocolate company gives you a one-pound kiss ?
Who is the famous movie star who also acted as sewer commissioner of Provo Canyon , Utah ?
Name Randy Craft 's lawyer .
What is the best distance education university or college ?
What is a person called that likes fire ?
Who portrayed Vincent Van Gogh in Lust for Life ?
Who was known as the Time Master in comic books ?
Who is the father of the computer ?
Who said : `` Old soldiers never die ; they just fade away '' ?
What National League baseball team employed 72 third baseemen in its first 2 seasons ?
Who 's the only man to have won the Olympic decathlon twice ?
What is the name of Miss India 1994 ?
Who was the second man to walk on the moon ?
What major Victorian novelist spent as much time working for the post office as he did writing ?
The major league baseball team in Pittsburgh is called what ?
Who is the Pope ?
What 's the most common surname in America ?
Who is Imam Hussain Ben Ali whom Shia people believe in ?
Who was William Henry Harrison ?
Who was the first black performer to have his own network TV show ?
What company uses the unfamiliar faces of its celebrity spokespeople to promote the use of its product ?
Who directed The Wild Bunch ?
What comedian was born Allen Stewart Konigsberg ?
What poet wrote : `` ... I have promises to keep , and miles to go before I sleep '' ?
Who runs Andy Capp 's favorite pub ?
What author of the Days of Our Lives Cookbook signed on in 198 as Liz Chandler in TV 's Days of Our Lives ?
What President was assassinated by Charles J. Guiteau ?
What comic of TV 's golden age went by the motto `` Anything for a laugh '' ?
Who invented the game bowling ?
What group kidnaped Patricia Hearst ?
Who is the creator of `` The Muppets '' ?
Which of the following celebrities started his show-biz career as a disc jockey ?
Who asked you to do the Loco-Motion with her in 1962 ?
What President served for five years , six months and 2 days ?
What is Drew Barrymore 's middle name ?
What is Supergirl 's secret identity ?
What court does Bob Woodward describe in The Brethren ?
Who made the first surfboard ?
What is the name of the police officer who tried to keep order in Top Cat 's neighborhood ?
Who is the Greek God of the Sea ?
What well-known music personality is the father of an adopted son named Hans Christian Henderson ?
Who was the first woman governor of Wyoming ?
What Green Bay Packers coach philosophized : `` There 's nothing that stokes the fire like hate '' ?
What famous comedian recently tried without success to revive the play ?
What TV family sometimes buys eclairs from Nelson 's Bakery ?
What enigmatic U.S. vice president was once tried and acquitted for treason in a plot to set up his own independent empire in the West ?
Who was Charles Lindbergh 's wife ?
Who sings Angel Eyes from the 80 's ?
What information can you tell me about actor James Cromwell ?
What dumb-but-loveable character did Maurice Gosfield play on The Phil Silvers Show ?
What was called the world 's largest department store ?
What was the nickname of German flying ace Manfred von Richthofen ?
Who wrote ` Hamlet ' ?
What pseudonym did William Sydney Porter use in writing The Gift of the Magi ?
What is the last name of Lucy and Linus from the Peanut 's comic strip ?
What cheery fellow got the ZIP code 9971 from the U.S. Postal Service in 1963 ?
Name Pittsburgh 's baseball team .
Who was the Russian ambassador to Hungary during the 1956 uprising ?
Who holds the NFL record for most touchdowns in a season ?
Who is Shirley MacLaine ?
What business exports the sparkling wine Spumante ?
Who wrote ` The Pines of Rome ' ?
What was the first U.S.-based team in the NHL ?
Who played for the Chicago Bears , Houston Oilers and Oakland Raiders in a 26-year pro football career ?
Who leads the star ship Enterprise in Star Trek ?
Who won World War II ?
Who was Garrett Morgan married to ?
What was the name of Darth Vader 's son ?
Who is Ishmael in Moby Dick ?
Name the two blob members of the animated Herculoids .
What well-known TV talk show host was a lay preacher by the time he was seventeen ?
What one of the Backstreet Boys are single ?
What Civil War general wreaked havoc on the south by marching through Georgia on his way to the sea ?
Who was the conservationist who served as spokesperson for Post Grape Nuts ?
What suburban housewife and mother of three wrote The Feminine Mystique ?
Who was Whitcomb Judson ?
Name a canine cartoon character other than Huckleberry Hound to have a voice by Daws Butler .
Who shoplifts ?
Which two inventors invented Post-its ?
Whose image is alleged to be on The Shroud of Turin ?
What U.S. general was court-martialled for criticizing American air power ?
Who said : `` The victor will never be asked if he told the truth '' ?
Who is Langston Hughes ?
Saddam Hussein was compared to whom by President Bush ?
Who wrote the book , `` The Grinch Who Stole Christmas '' ?
What jockey won 17 Triple Crown races ?
Who seized power from Milton Obote in 1971 ?
What well-known actor is the father of star Alan Alda ?
What little boy and dog live in a shoe ?
What was Marilyn Monroe 's real name ?
What father and son won the Medal of Honor ?
Which high schools are included in the South Florida Ice Hockey league ?
Who is the Prophet of Medina ?
What is the name of the woman who was with John Belushi when he died ?
Whose funeral train traveled from Washington D.C. to Springfield , Illinois ?
What 's the better-known identity of John Merrick , the noble ogre of Victorian England ?
What is her husband 's name ?
What cigarette company urged us , `` Come to where the flavor is ? ''
Which of the following did not receive a 1983 `` Outstanding Mother Award '' from the National Mother 's Day Committee ?
What Dynasty star made her 2th Century-Fox debut in The Virgin Queen ?
What actress holds the record for the most appearances on the cover of Life ?
Name the company that used the line , `` Even your best friend won 't tell you '' in its ad ?
What U.S. President had brothers-in-law in the Confederate army ?
Who is the Queen of Holland ?
What actor learned to play the saxophone and speak Russian for a role in a movie ?
Who says , `` If you don 't look good , we don 't look good '' ?
Who was Secretary of State during the Nixon administration ?
Who is Johnny Carson ?
What attorneys work for The Center for the Defense of Free Enterprise ?
What U.S. university boasts the largest library ?
Which classical Spanish writer said `` All that glitters is not gold '' ?
Which organization is the Security Council a part of ?
Who painted `` Soft Self-Portrait with Grilled Bacon '' ?
What company markets a shampoo `` for brunettes only '' ?
Who killed Caesar ?
Who is Count Cinzano ?
Who 's won the most Oscars for costume design ?
What U.S. vice-president once declared : `` If you 've seen one slum , you 've seen them all '' ?
Who wrote The Red Badge of Courage ?
What British monarch 's lap did P.T. Barnum 's Tom Thumb sit in ?
Who invented the road traffic cone ?
What is the name of Joan Jett 's band ?
Which of the following people is not associated with Andy Warhol ?
What civilization invented the arch ?
What is an example of a famous rock band from the sixties ?
What president 's ghost is said to haunt the White House ?
What are the names of Jack 's original roommates on Three 's Company ?
Who won the Battle of Gettysburg ?
Name the two youngsters saved by the animated Moby Dick .
Who was the captain of the tanker , Exxon Valdez , involved in the oil spill in Prince William Sound , Alaska , 1989 ?
Who is Stephen Hawking ?
The name of the actor who played the detective in the film Kindergarden Cop is what ?
What actor came to dinner in Guess Who 's Coming to Dinner ?
What engineer invented the pull-tab can ?
Which college did Dikembe Mutombo attend ?
Who was the first actress to appear on a postage stamp ?
Who was the first black woman to star in the Folies Bergeres ?
What bottled-up TV character was born in Baghdad ?
Who asked the musical question : `` Have you ever been to electric lady land ? ''
Who wrote : `` Poems are made by fools like me but only God can make a tree '' ?
Who played the part of the Godfather in the movie , ` The Godfather ' ?
Who invented the Wonderbra ?
Who owns the St. Louis Rams ?
What Texas surgeon performed the first artificial heart transplant ?
Who made the most appearances in the center square on Hollywood Squares ?
What store claims to be the world 's largest department store ?
What `` marvelous '' major-league baseball player is now a spokesman for a beer company ?
Who said `` the only thing we have to fear is fear itself '' ?
Who is the sexiest women in the world ?
Who was the supreme god of Germanic religion ?
Who 's played the most games for the New York Yankees ?
What TV character said ; `` One of these days , Alice , pow , right in the kisser '' ?
What is the name of the Indian who became prime minister by beating Mrs. Gandhi in the 1977 election ?
What Chilean president was killed in a 1973 coup d 'etat ?
Name the first Russian astronaut to do a spacewalk .
What are the first names of the famous husband-and-wife acting team of Lunt and Fontanne ?
What cable network bills itself as `` the family entertainer '' ?
What President was meant for , but never placed in , the empty crypt beneath the capital 's rotunda ?
Who won the Superbowl in ?
What Hungarian cardinal was first a state prisoner and then a refugee in the U.S. embassy 1956-1971 ?
Who directed Citizen Kane ?
What is the nickname of the famous flyer who mistakenly flew to Ireland instead of to Los Angeles ?
Whose special bear 's creator was born on January 18 , 1779 ?
What high school does Archie attend ?
What television network flogged its sports programming on Inga Nielsen 's body in 197 ?
What Italian leader had a lifelong fear of the evil eye ?
Who said : `` What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ? ''
What president kissed the Queen Mother on the lips ?
What was Al Capone 's nickname ?
Who was the author of the famous fairy tale `` Snow White and Seven Dwarfs '' ?
Who is behind the name of the Harvey Wallbanger drink ?
What South African producer had a 1988 profit of $836 million ?
What American actress was the first to be called a `` vamp '' ?
What card company sells Christmas ornaments ?
Who is the premier of China ?
What cigar-chewing comedian observed : `` You 're only as old as the woman you feel '' ?
What bread company used to feature stickers of the Cisco Kid on the ends of their packages ?
Who was the president of Vichy France ?
Whose kidnaping was termed The Crime of the Century ?
What group asked the musical question Do You Believe in Magic ?
What buxom blonde appeared on the cover of more than 5 magazines ?
Who first broke the sound barrier ?
What role do fruits play in the survival of plants ?
What Pulitzer Prize-winning novelist ran for mayor of New York City ?
Who was Scrooge 's dead partner in Dickens 's A Christmas Carol ?
Who recorded the 1957 hit Tammy ?
Who is Mia Farrow 's mother ?
What baseball player was walked the most times ?
What famous male vocalist has the same name as the composer of the opera Hansel and Gretel ?
Who was the only president to serve two nonconsecutive terms ?
What labor leader was last seen in the parking lot of a Michigan restaurant ?
Who reports the weather on the `` Good Morning America '' television show ?
What was the name of `` The Muppets '' creator ?
Who sent the brief message `` I came , I saw , I conquered '' ?
What U.S. Air Force general led the first bombing raid over Tokyo ?
What U.S. vice-president said : `` Some newspapers dispose of their garbage by printing it '' ?
What was the name of the first Watergate special prosecutor , later fired by Nixon ?
What 's the supreme policy-making bureau of the Soviet Communist Party ?
Who are the nomadic hunting and gathering tribe of the Kalahari Desert in Africa ?
Who won a Pulitzer Prize for his novel The Caine Mutiny ?
Who portrayed Sherlock Holmes in 14 films between 1939 and 1946 ?
What is the name of the pop singer whose song became the theme song for a brand of catsup ?
Who claimed to be the world 's most perfectly-developed man ?
What kind of people took part in Shays ' Rebellion in Massachusetts in 1787 ?
What American won the world Grand Prix driving championship in 1978 ?
Name a female figure skater .
Who portrayed Carl Bernstein in All the President 's Men ?
Who was Tiny Tim 's father ?
Who was Bonnie Blue Butler 's father ?
Who is the Antichrist ?
Who was the lawyer who represented Randy Steven Craft ?
Which of the following celebrities was not born in Philadelphia ?
Who wrote the Farmer 's Almanac ?
Which team won the Super Bowl in 1968 ?
CNN is owned by whom ?
Who was the 15th century fire-and-brimstone monk who gained control of Florence but ended burnt at the stake ?
Who was Quetzalcoatl ?
What French leader sold Louisiana to the United States ?
Who is the prime minister of Japan ?
What player squats an average of 3 times during a baseball doubleheader ?
What 's the most common name in nursery rhymes ?
Who wrote the book , `` Song of Solomon '' ?
Name the Ranger who was always after Yogi Bear .
Who is the president of the Spanish government ?
Who holds the career record for the most major league home runs ?
Which of the following actors worked in New York 's Yiddish Theater ?
Who invented the stethoscope ?
What comedian hit the TV screen in 1951 with the NBC afternoon show Time for Ernie ?
What are Arnold Palmer 's fans called ?
Who retired with 755 home runs to his credit ?
Who developed potlatch ?
What group included Abbey Hoffman , Jerry Rubin , and Tom Hayden ?
Name the two actress daughters of John Mills .
Who is the actress Bette Davis once said she wished she looked like ?
Who portrayed The Cowardly Lion in The Wizard of Oz ?
Who was the first king of England ?
Who killed Kurt Cobain ?
Who created the monster in Mary Shelley 's novel Frankenstein ?
What son of a 15-year-old Mexican girl and a half-Irish father became the world 's most famous Greek ?
Who was the first man to return to space ?
Who gave Abbie Hoffman his first dose of LSD ?
What did the Seven Dwarfs do for a living ?
What 4-foot-9 actress in 1984 became the first performer to win an Oscar for playing a character of the opposite sex ?
Who shot Billy the Kid ?
What Mormon leader was said to have had 27 wives ?
With whom did Bush compare Saddam Hussein ?
What pillar of the Dutch Renaissance painted Aristotle Contemplating the Bust of Homer ?
What is the name of the brilliant British economist behind its creation ?
Who played Sally Rogers on The Dick Van Dyke Show ?
What mythical figure carries an hourglass and a scythe ?
What presidential administration challenged Americans to explore The New Frontier ?
What famous British actor lost his voice after an operation in 1966 ?
What company makes impulse hardening equipment ?
What is Rona Barrett 's married name ?
Who is the mathematician that won the Noble Prize for Literature in 1950 ?
Which glamorous actress is a close friend of Dick Tracy ?
Name the three races unleashed by the Celestials in Marvel comics .
What President hit the jogging paths to enhance his athletic image and , sporting No. 39 , almost collapsed during the road race ?
What writer-journalist made his mark describing colorful Broadway and underworld characters ?
What are the residents of the island of Lesbos called ?
What baseball great plugged Mr. Coffee ?
Who 's baby was Sweet Pea on the Popeye cartoon ?
What English physician was born on January 18 , 1779 and went on to create two important inventions ?
Who did Arthur H. Bremer try to assassinate on May 15 , 1972 ?
What apostle is Taylor Caldwell 's Great Lion of God ?
What company sells the most greeting cards ?
What 's comic strip photographer Peter Parker 's secret identity ?
Which Rockefeller was sometimes called `` JDR3 '' ?
Whom did Friz Freleng add to the Warner Bros. cartoon ranks ?
Who was Shakespeare 's Moorish general ?
Who taught Matt Murdock to use his extraordinary abilities in Marvel comics ?
What famous film and TV cowboy lent his name to a fast food chain ?
Who famously rode to warn the people of Massachusetts that the British were coming ?
Who commanded the French forces at the Battle of Orleans ?
Who led the opposition when Konrad Adenauer was Chancellor in Germany ?
Who turned all he touched to gold ?
Who plays shortstop for Charlie Brown 's baseball team ?
Who was the most famous food editor of The New York Times ?
Who was the last U.S. president to reinstate Selective Service registration ?
What was the name of the lawyer who represented Randy Steven Craft ?
What actress 's autobiography is titled Shelley : Also Known as Shirley ?
Who lived on the shores of the Gitchee Gumee River ?
Who is section manager for guidance and control systems at JPL ?
What is Goldfinger 's first name ?
Which of the following famous people does not paint as a hobby ?
Who should I call to get a tour of the New York Stock Exchange ?
What U.S. general died December 1 , 1945 , when his jeep collided with a truck ?
What was the name of the director of the movie `` Jaws '' ?
Who portrayed W.C. Fields in the film W.C. Fields and Me ?
Which college did Dikembe Mutombo play basketball at ?
Who built the first successful stern wheel steamboat ?
Who was Hitler 's minister of propaganda ?
Who was the first doctor to successfully transplant a liver ?
Who was the lawyer for Randy Steven Craft ?
Who is reputed to be the greatest maker of violins ?
What future Soviet dictator was training to be a priest when he got turned on to Marxism ?
Who sued the Dannon yougurt company for using a character named Ron Raider for promotion ?
Who was the first jockey to ride two Triple Crown winners ?
Who wrote Brave New World ?
Who wrote Unsafe at Any Speed ?
What British commander surrendered to George Washington at Yorktown in 1781 ?
Who created the World Wide Web , WWW ?
What is the name of the president of Garmat U.S.A ?
Who were leaders of the Byzantine empire ?
Who was the first President to appoint a woman to head a cabinet ?
Who built the first pyramid ?
Name a French fascist party .
What famous meat company went out of business because it became known that the underworld had been selling them kangaroo meat ?
What is the present Pope named ?
Who is the nebbish that is Marvel 's official mascot ?
Who sang the song `` Hooked on a Feeling '' in the dancing baby episode of `` Ally Mcbeal '' ?
Who was the Columbia Pictures head who forged actor Cliff Robertson 's name on a $1 , 000 check ?
Who was Damocles ?
Name Dondi 's adoptive grandfather .
Whose biography by Maurice Zolotow is titled Shooting Star ?
In the movie Groundshog Day what is the name of the character played by Andie MacDowell ?
What are the top ten all-time money making NFL teams ?
What college enlivens Hanover , New Hampshire ?
Who was the first American citizen awarded the Albert Medal of the Society of Arts ?
What doctor is synonymous with footwear and foot care ?
Who founded the Unification Church ?
What are the only players eligible to score points in Roller Derby called ?
What ill-fated American general dragged a bull terrier named Willie through World War II ?
Who invented the lawnmower ?
What U.S. senator once played basketball for the New York Knicks ?
What is Li 'l Abner 's last name ?
What architect originated the glass house designed the Chicago Federal Center had a philosophy of `` less is more , '' and produced plans that were the forerunner of the California ranch house ?
Who shared a New York City apartment with Roger Maris the year he hit 61 home runs ?
Who is the director of intergovernmental affairs for the San Diego county ?
What Hall of Fame pitcher started three World Series Games for the New York Yankees in 1962 ?
What political party is Sinn Fein a part of ?
What is the name of a Greek god ?
What was the man 's name who was killed in a duel with Aaron Burr ?
Who directed the first Woody Woodpecker cartoon ?
What two historical figures , who fought each other in a famous battle , each have a food named after them ?
Name of heroine in `` Scruples '' ?
What TV character sired a horse named Thunder ?
What baseball player was known as Charley Hustle ?
Who killed Lee Harvey Oswald ?
Who was Red Grange ?
What hockey team did Wayne Gretzky play for ?
What Ivy League school plays its home games at Palmer Stadium ?
Who invented the fax machine ?
Who wrote the poem that starts `` I love your lips when they 're wet with wine and red with a warm desire '' ?
What singer 's theme song was When the Moon Comes over the Mountain ?
Who was Santos-Dumont ?
Who is Rocky 's and Bullwinkle 's ever-lost friend ?
Who is Robin Williams ?
Who thought he 'd never see a poem lovely as a tree ?
Who created `` The Muppets '' ?
What was the Ventura County police department that seized the county 's largest amount of cocaine ever ?
Name one of the major gods of Hinduism .
What two US biochemists won the Nobel Prize in medicine in 1992 ?
What record company was formed by Herb Alpert and Jerry Moss ?
What fast-food magnate 's initials graced the left sleeve of the San Diego Padres ' baseball uniforms in 1984 ?
Who else was considered for the role of Luke Skywalker when George Lucas was casting for Star Wars ?
Who was the king who signed the Magna Carta ?
Who is the leader of India ?
Who is the prophet that is most connected to the Dead Sea ?
Who wrote `` The Pit and the Pendulum '' ?
What is the best art and design school in the world ?
Who is the Incredible Hulk in reality ?
What manufacturers are there in Texas ?
Who are the presidents of Mexico and Indonesia ?
Who played Al Jolson in the Jolson Story ?
What TV detective did Craig Stevens play ?
What university fired Angela Davis ?
In the past 8 years who have the MVP players for the NHL been ?
Who played Emperor Palpatine in Star Wars ?
Whose husbands have included Conrad Hilton Jr. , and Michael Wilding ?
Who is King in Alley Oop 's home of Moo ?
What is `` the airline built for professional travelers '' ?
Who invented the stock ticker in 1870 ?
Who wrote the Bible ?
Who is Henry Butler ?
Which U.S. President is buried in Washington , D.C. ?
What college did Dikembe Mutombo play basketball for ?
Who made the first airplane ?
The lawyer who represented Randy Craft , what was his name ?
What organization is the Security Council a part of ?
Who was the first black to be head coach of a major league pro sports team ?
Who is John Macarthur , 1767-1834 ?
Who is Peter Weir ?
What robust U.S. President imported his own instructor after seeing a judo match ?
What government department did The Untouchables work for ?
What was the player 's name who played nose tackle for the Eagles in Super Bowl XV ?
Who held the endurance record for women pilots in 1929 ?
What did Andy Hardy 's father do for a living ?
Who are Woody Woodpecker 's niece and nephew ?
Who created Maudie Frickett ?
Who was the first English circumnavigator of the globe ?
Who made the largest cocaine seizure in Ventura County history ?
Who liberated 19th century Sicily and Naples ?
What actor has a tattoo on his right wrist reading Scotland Forever ?
Who appointed the chair of the Federal Reserve ?
Who is Samuel F. Pickering ?
What English queen had six fingers on one hand ?
What tennis player has the nickname `` Nasty '' ?
What non-conformist abstract painter was dubbed Jack The Dripper by Time ?
Who founded the modern theory of probability ?
Who 's The King of Swing ?
What bestselling modern poet was the co-founder of the famous City Lights Bookshop in San Francisco ?
What South Vietnamese president was assassinated by his generals in 1963 ?
Who won the 1968 California Democratic primary ?
Who spoke the only word in Mel Brooks 's Silent Movie ?
What was Thatcher 's first name ?
Name the fast food chain with the golden arches .
Who was the first Russian astronaut to walk in space ?
Who wrote ` Dubliners ' ?
Who is Malaysia 's 43rd prime minister ?
Who founded the first aerodynamics laboratory in 1912 ?
Who said `` Give me liberty or give me death '' ?
What 's Japan 's largest car manufacturer ?
Name of the powerful white trader in Conrad 's `` Heart of Darkness '' ?
Rotary engines were manufactured by which company ?
Who invented the pull-tab opener on cans ?
What is the name of the deranged super-criminal Otto Octavius uses ?
Whose acceptance speech of more than 3 minutes prompted a time limit on Academy Award thank-yous ?
Name the tree growing company .
Who declared : `` I think I 'll go out and milk the elk '' ?
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?
Who was the actor who played Sam in the movie Casablanca ?
What task does the Bouvier breed of dog perform ?
What New Orleans D.A. claimed : `` My staff and I solved the assassination weeks ago '' ?
What was the real name of writer Ross Macdonald , creator of the hero Lew Archer ?
Who makes chicken `` finger lickin '' good ?
What director portrayed the commandant of the POW camp in 1953 's Stalag 17 ?
What are the names of Jacques Cousteau 's two sons ?
Who accompanied Space Ghost on his missions ?
What World War II leader declared : `` The blow has been struck '' ?
Who was Israel 's first prime minister ?
When not adventuring on Rann , what does Adam Strange call his profession ?
What occupation has the highest divorce rate ?
What California governor said : `` Inaction may be the highest form of action '' ?
Who is Desmond Tutu ?
Who was the first person to study the stars ?
Who is the author of the book , `` The Iron Lady : A Biography of Margaret Thatcher '' ?
What are the top 10 colleges in the United States in the field of engineering ?
Who did Doris Day mean when she said : `` I call him Ernie because he 's certainly no Rock '' ?
Who is the owner of CNN ?
What knighted actor narrates TV 's The World at War ?
What football coach 's story was told in the movie Run to Daylight ?
What businesses in Alaska were affected by the Exxon Valdez oil spill ?
What was the name of Randy Craft 's lawyer ?
Who markets Spaghetti-o 's ?
Who co-starred with Julie Andrews in Mary Poppins ?
Who was Ezra Taft Benson ?
What Argentine boxer was shot dead outside a Nevada brothel in May ?
What is Jimmy Olsen 's full name ?
What famous New York City mayor wrote the hit song , `` Will You Love Me in December as You Do in May ? ''
Who is Pia Zadora 's millionaire husband and mentor ?
What U.S. President was the first to breed mules ?
What astronomer-architect designed the present St. Paul 's Cathedral in London ?
What feminist wrote Sexual Politics and Flying ?
Who was the first American world chess champion ?
Who was the last woman executed in England ?
What university football team did O.J. Simpson take to the Rose Bowl ?
What NFL team did Vince Lombardi end his coaching career with ?
Who is Prince Naseem Hamed ?
What title does comedian Henry Youngman claim ?
Who made the first airplane that could fly ?
Who was International Olympic Committee chairman at the 1936 Summer Games ?
What company has built more than 2.5 billion little green houses since 1935 ?
What appointments secretary to Richard Nixon went to jail ?
Who released the Internet worm in the late 1980s ?
What is the name of the American who was captured when his plane went down over Syrian-held Lebanon ?
What school does Tom attend in Tom Brown 's School Days ?
What basketball player is credited with 23 , 924 rebounds ?
What American sergeant lost both of his hands in combat during World War II and then went on to act in a single movie for which he won two Oscars ?
Who invented the fountain ?
What Batman character tools around on a Batcycle ?
Who was Sherlock Holmes 's archenemy ?
What 's the name of Tom Sawyer 's aunt with whom he lives ?
Which member of the Micronauts spent 1 years traveling the Microverse in the Marvel comics ?
What doctor claimed in a 1946 book : `` There is no such thing as a bad boy '' ?
What comedian created a punch-drunk pugilist named Cauliflower McPugg ?
Who is William Wordsworth ?
Who is Charles Lindbergh ?
Who is the prime minister in Norway ?
What actress starred in `` The Lion in Winter '' ?
Who won the rugby world cup in ?
What is Nicholas Cage 's profession ?
Who is the famous sister of actress Olivia De Havilland ?
Which German president was pressured into appointing Hitler chancellor in 1933 ?
What businesses or agencies would do an employment verification ?
What famous coach said `` if you can 't beat 'em in the alley , you can 't beat 'em on the ice '' ?
What onetime member of Ronald Reagan 's cabinet called federal policy toward Indians `` an example of the failure of socialism '' ?
Who was Darth Vader 's son ?
Who invented the process to make condensed milk ?
What actor and actress have made the most movies ?
Who found Hawaii ?
Who protects DC Comics ' realm of dreams ?
Who created Harry Lime ?
Who was President Cleveland 's wife ?
What company named one of its pens `` The Banana '' ?
Who invented the Moog Synthesizer ?
Who makes the `` Die Hard '' car battery ?
What is the name of Dolly Parton 's rarely seen husband ?
Whose old London come-on was : `` Buy my sweet lavender '' ?
Who wrote the lyrics to Porgy and Bess ?
What two New York Yankee pitchers swapped wives and families ?
Name one of King Henry VIII 's wives .
What does Robin Williams do ?
Who is the French literary charcter who is chiefly famous for his enormous nose ?
Who killed Martin Luther King ?
Who owns the rights on a TV program ?
Who invented Astroturf ?
What Democratic prankster waved the train out of the station while Richard Nixon spoke from the caboose ?
What former African leader held his country 's boxing title for nine years ?
What camera company said , `` If you haven 't got the time , we 've got the camera ? ''
What 2th-century American poet wrote a four-volume biography of Abraham Lincoln ?
Who stopped making diary entries on May 31 , 1669 , because he thought he was going blind ?
What journalist can be found in and around Walden Puddle ?
What woman pitcher has struck out Ted Williams and Hank Aaron ?
What is the real name of the singer , Madonna ?
What Frenchman claimed the following ? If God did not exist , it would be necessary to invent him . ''
Who was the first woman in space ?
What professional sports league originated the college draft ?
Who discovered imaginary numbers ?
Who does the voices of the Simpsons ?
Who is the richest person in the world , without owning a business ?
Who manufactures the software , `` PhotoShop '' ?
Who was the second man to walk on the moon ?
What author was appointed U.S. ambassador to Spain in 1842 ?
Who is Westview High 's band director in Funky Winkerbean ?
What singer 's hit song inspired the Dolly Parton Stallone movie Rhinestone ?
Who is Edmund Kemper ?
What was Mao , the Chinese leader 's , full name ?
Who is the director of the international group called the Human Genome Organization , HUGO , that is trying to coordinate gene-mapping research worldwide ?
What radio station did Paul Harvey work for ?
What character narrates Treasure Island ?
Who starred with Charlie Chaplin in Modern Times and The Great Dictator ?
What Catch-22 character is elected mayor of half a dozen Italian cities ?
Whom does Uncle Duke 's girl friend , Honey , room with ?
When called upon to surrender , what American general replied , `` Sir , I have not yet begun to fight . '' ?
What team did Babe Ruth play his first major league game for ?
What relative of Leo Tolstoy translated War and Peace eight times ?
Who was the second person ever to wear Iron Man 's armor ?
Who is the director and editor of the movie Big starring Tom Hanks ?
Who won two gold medals in skiing in the Olympic Games in Calgary ?
What are the four railways in Monopoly ?
Who are the top ten richest people in the world ?
Who is the leader of Brunei ?
Who were the head writers for the Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour ?
Who portrayed Prewett in From Here to Eternity ?
What Scottish poet penned To a Mouse and To a Louse ?
What is the name of the inventor of silly putty ?
What famous communist leader died in Mexico City ?
Who was the first woman to run the mile in less than 4 36893 minutes ?
Who awarded The Flying Fickle Finger of Fate ?
What future deer hunter portrayed Annie Hall 's neurotic brother , Duane ?
What are the top boy names in the U.S. ?
Who was the lyricist and who was the composer between Gilbert and Sullivan ?
Who was the lawyer for Randy Craft ?
Who was the 3rd president of the United States ?
Name Dick Tracy 's two children .
What was the previous name for the Commonwealth ?
Who gave King Arthur the round table ?
Who became president of the U.S. in 1789 ?
Who wrote `` The Scarlet Letter '' ?
Who did Sara Jane Moore try to assassinate ?
What title did Shevardnadze have during the Soviet era ?
Which king signed the Magna Carta ?
Name the child left on a doorstep at the beginning of Gasoline Alley .
Which college did Dikembe Mutombo play basketball for ?
What was Darth Vader 's son named ?
What British female pop singing star of the 1960s and early 1970s was a child actress in the 1940s and '50s ?
Who portrayed Field Marshal Erwin Rommel in The Desert Fox ?
Who makes the `` cross-your-heart bra '' ?
Who is Archie Bunker 's son-in-law ?
What company produces Spumante ?
What major airline has the best safety record in the world ?
What President became Chief Justice after his presidency ?
Who was chief engineer of the Starship Enterprise ?
What mayor made so many TV appearances he was asked to join AFTRA in 1984 ?
Who is the most sexy celebrity ?
What detective lives on Punchbowl Hill and has 11 children ?
Rotary engines used to be made by whom ?
Who portrayed the title character in the film The Day of the Jackal ?
Who was the first X-Man to die in battle ?
Who is the President of Ghana ?
What terrorist group was headed by Donald DeFreeze ?
Who starred in the movie The War of the Worlds ?
What actor , who had greatest fame on TV , became the father of triplets ?
What does Larry King do for a living ?
Who shot Lee Harvey Oswald ?
Who portrayed Renaud in Casablanca ?
What rock group raised a ruckus at the White House by singing American Woman ?
What famed clown appeared on an early Howdy Doody Show and insisted that Clarabell be made up as a real clown ?
What group was formed in 1969 after police met resistance from patrons at the Stonewall , a Greenwich Village gay bar ?
Who was Confucius ?
Who is currently the most popular singer in the world ?
What company started out making pies , and wound up manufacturing plastic throwing toys ?
Who was the bandleader mentor of Ella Fitzgerald with whom she cowrote `` A_Tisket , A-Tasket '' ?
Who invented basketball ?
What was the name of Humphrey Bogart 's club in Casablanca ?
What U.S. Government agency registers trademarks ?
What hockey player did Ronald Reagan joke he would swap Texas for ?
What President was buried at his ancestral home overlooking the Hudson River at Hyde Park , New York ?
What are the five most popular Usenet groups ?
Who domesticated the wild turkey ?
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?
Name the designer of the shoe that spawned millions of plastic imitations , known as ` jellies ' .
Who is Olive Oyl 's brother ?
What king boycotted Prince Charles 's wedding ?
What does Nicholas Cage do for a living ?
What was the nickname of model Leslie Hornby ?
Who portrayed Fatman in the television show , `` Jake and the Fatman '' ?
What woman was Time 's Man of the Year for 1952 ?
Who wrote The Ugly Duckling ?
Who designed London Bridge ?
Who was considered to be the father of psychology ?
Who succeeded Nikita Khrushchev as first secretary of the Communist Party ?
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?
Name of the lady the Great Gatsby pines for ?
What celebrity couple , when going through a divorce , divided their toilet paper into two equal piles ?
Who said `` What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ? ''
What kind of company is 7-Eleven ?
What are the major companies that are part of Dow Jones ?
What college did Joe Namath play football for ?
Who was the 1st U.S. President ?
Who played Maria in the film West Side Story ?
Who bestowed great power upon Captain Britain ?
What is the most common boy 's or girl 's name ?
Who was the accused in The Trial of the Century , which opened Janurary 1 , 1935 ?
Who did the Seven Mules block for ?
What is the world 's largest distilling company ?
What 's the name of the actress who starred in the movie , `` Silence of the Lambs '' ?
Who did Napolean defeat at Jena and Auerstadt ?
What British prime minister and U.S. president were seventh cousins once-removed ?
What was the name of the Titanic 's captain ?
Name of heroine in `` Scruples '' ?
Who wrote The Godfather ?
Which of the following TV newsmen was a Rhodes scholar ?
What six-foot temperance advocate wielded her hatchet on saloons ?
Who invented volleyball ?
Name a ballet company Mikhail Baryshnikov has danced for ?
Who led the Normans to victory in the Battle of Hastings ?
What 's the name of the star of the cooking show , `` Galloping Gourmet '' ?
Who invented the horoscope ?
What king was forced to agree to the Magna Carta ?
What were Babe Ruth 's Christian names ?
Who was the first elected mayor of Washington , D.C. ?
Who wrote the sci-fi trilogy Foundation , Foundation and Empire , and Second Foundation ?
What is Alice Cooper 's real name ?
Who invented television ?
Name the person who burst through the screen in the Lite beer commercials .
What U.S. vice-president killed Alexander Hamilton in a duel ?
Who wrote `` Much Ado About Nothing '' ?
What Louisiana Senator won a seat that had been held by his father and mother ?
Who won Oscars for her roles in Gone with the Wind and A Streetcar Named Desire ?
What writer is famous for physically putting himself into the center of his subject matter ?
Who 's the lead singer of the Led Zeppelin band ?
In Dana 's `` Two Years Before the Mast , '' what seafarers lived in an abandoned oven on the beach at San Diego ?
Who plays the cop in the movie `` Kindergarten Cop '' ?
Who created Billy Pilgrim , a survivor of the Dresden firestorm ?
Who is the richest woman in the world ?
What 's Mrs. Bridges 's job on TV 's Upstairs , Downstairs ?
Who were the 1974 Oscar winners ?
What kind of business is 7-Eleven ?
Who wrote the book , `` Huckleberry Finn '' ?
Who would you use the Heimlich maneuver on ?
What radio , TV and movie character did Jackie Gleason and William Bendix play ?
Name the U.S. Senate majority leader and the Speaker of the House .
What name did football 's New York Titans adopt in 1963 ?
What female suspect in the game of Clue is single ?
Who owns CNN ?
What member of The Little Rascals has an on-again , off-again sweetheart in Darla Hood ?
What attorney-general ordered the closing of Alcatraz ?
Who was the prophet of the Jewish people ?
What is the most common name ?
Who was the oldest U.S. president ?
What diamond producer controls about 80% of the world 's diamonds ?
Who is the prophet of the religion of Islam ?
Who portrayed Maggio in the film From Here to Eternity ?
Name the cartoon genie conjured by the magic ring shared by Nancy and Chuck .
Who was Picasso ?
Who were the only two bald U.S. Presidents ?
Which member of Charlie 's Angels sang vocals for Josie and the Pussycats ?
What comedian was The Perfect Fool ?
Who loved Flash Gordon besides Dale ?
Who 's the only president buried in Washington
Whose singing voice was dubbed in for Natalie Wood in West Side Story and Audrey Hepburn in My Fair Lady ?
President Bush compared Saddam Hussein to whom ?
What 's the name of Pittsburgh 's baseball team ?
What TV comedian worked with White Fang , Black Tooth and Pookie the Lion ?
Who created the character James Bond ?
What British general surrendered to the colonial army at Saratoga ?
What artist 's studio was the Bateau-Lavoir in Montmartre ?
Who wrote the song , `` Silent Night '' ?
What company is the largest Japanese ship builder ?
Who wrote The Collector ?
Which major diamond producer is based in South Africa ?
Who was Samuel Johnsons 's friend and biographer ?
What kind of women gave Sigmund Freud erotic dreams ?
Who wrote the bestselling Missionary Travels and Researches in South Africa , published in 1857 ?
Who played the father on `` Charles in Charge '' ?
What is Steve Rogers 's profession when he 's not Captain America ?
Who are the top 10 richest people in the world ?
What ethnic group introduced the idea of potlatch ?
What actor was the first man to appear on the cover of McCall 's ?
What Cruise Line does Kathie Lee Gifford advertise for ?
Name the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse .
What female faith healer wrote the inspirational book I Believe in Miracles ?
Who was Jinnah ?
What famous husband-and-wife team did radio ads for Blue Nun wine ?
Who tramped through Florida looking for the Fountain of Youth ?
What was the name of the Confederate mounted guerrilla group with which Jesse James and Coleman Younger had ridden ?
Who followed up his first two underwater thrillers with The Girl of the Sea of Cortez ?
Who is the one Independent Member of Congress ?
What is a society ruled by elders ?
What two presidents of the U.S. published books of poetry ?
Which of the Seven Dwarfs comes first alphabetically ?
What professional cricketer 's son wrote The War of the Worlds in 1898 ?
What English playwright penned : `` Where the bee sucks , so shall I '' ?
What was Fred Astaire 's dancing partner 's name ?
What heavyweight boxer was known as The Wild Bull of the Pampas ?
What TV talk-show host lends his name to a line of men 's clothing ?
Who invented the electric guitar ?
Who is the President of Pergament ?
What American naval officer broke Japan 's isolationist policy in 1853 ?
Which police department made the all-time biggest cocaine bust in Ventura County ?
Who gave us the `` Rolling Writer '' ?
Who wrote The Secret Life of Walter Mitty ?
Who is the head of the World Bank ?
What is the most popular last name ?
Who moderated the first Kennedy-Nixon TV debate ?
Who portrayed George M. Cohan in 1942 's Yankee Doodle Dandy ?
Who 's the only U.S. president to have won a Pulitzer Prize ?
Who was Maria Theresa ?
What is Larry King 's occupation ?
Who invented `` The Muppets '' ?
Who are cartoondom 's Super Six ?
What fool is not so wise To lose an oath to win a paradise ?
What monarch signed the Magna Carta ?
What corporation does Madonna advertise for ?
What store does Martha Stewart advertise for ?
Which police department made the largest cocaine seizure ever in Ventura County ?
What Pope inaugurated Vatican International Radio ?
What king is satirized in the line : `` The King was in the countinghouse , counting all his money '' ?
What company 's trademark was His Master 's Voice ?
What Pope inaugurated Vatican International Radio ?
What director made one silent and one sound version of The Ten Commandments ?
Which presidents of the USA were Masons ?
Who was the tallest U.S. president ?
What character in The Beverly Hillbillies has the given names Daisy Moses ?
What comedienne calls her sister-in-law Captain Bligh and her mother-in-law Moby Dick ?
What president also became a supreme court justice ?
Who was actress June Havoc 's legendary sister ?
Who killed JFK ?
Who was the star witness at the Senate Watergate hearings ?
Who is the son-in-law of Sen. Everett Dirkson who was also a senator in the '70 's ?
Who made the rotary engine automobile ?
What were the last names of gangsters Bonnie and Clyde ?
Who invented panties ?
What is Pittsburgh 's baseball team called ?
What President had never held an elected office until he was elected to the White House ?
Who is the richest person in the world ?
What international organization was founded by Clara Barton ?
What corporation does Madonna advertise for ?
Who is buried in the great pyramid of Giza ?
What famous actress made her first appearance on stage at the age of five in the year 191 as `` Baby '' ?
What are the three most successful companies of our time ?
What is the name of the company that manufactures the `` American Girl '' doll collection ?
What is Michael Jackson 's father 's name ?
Who was the girl in Peter Sellers 's soup ?
What creative genius said : `` Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits '' ?
Who was Ben Casey 's boss ?
What multitalented Academy-award-winning director failed a college course in motion-picture production ?
What wild and crazy guy wrote a book called Cruel Shoes ?
What police force did Mack Sennett create ?
Who was in Death of a Salesman original movie , not 1985 ?
What is Dr. Ruth 's last name ?
What 's the middle name of movie producer Joseph E. Levine ?
Who told all in Ball Four ?
Who followed Willy Brandt as chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany ?
What name does the world know Renaissance artist Kyriakos Theotokopoulos by ?
Who is the president of Bolivia ?
Who played the title role in The Romantic Englishwoman ?
What President once told Gene Autry : `` Please give my regards to your wife Dale '' ?
Who made the deodorant that claimed that it `` actually builds up resistance to odor '' ?
Who used AuH2O as an election slogan ?
What painter popularized soup cans and Brillo soap pad boxes ?
Who played Lucas McCain on The Rifleman ?
Who was the only person convicted in the My Lai Massacre ?
What was the name given the 6 , 500 German airforce troops that used the Spanish Civil War as a training exercise ?
Rotary engine cars were made by what company ?
Who was the lawyer who represented Randy Steven Craft ?
What part did Benjamin Franklin play in the development of the newspaper in America ?
Who is the prime minister of Australia ?
What major league baseball team compiled the best won-lost record between 1957 and 1983 ?
Who died with more than 1 , 000 U.S. patents to his credit ?
What was the name of Randy Steven Craft 's lawyer ?
Who won the first general election for President held in Malawi in May 1994 ?
What Argentine revolutionary fought with Castro and died in Bolivia in May , 1979 ?
What famous comic strip character died of acne ?
Who is Zebulon Pike ?
What has been the most common Christian name of U.S. presidents ?
What English explorer discovered and named Virginia ?
What people make up half the Soviet Union 's population ?
Who used to make cars with rotary engines ?
Who was Buffalo Bill ?
