What sprawling U.S. state boasts the most airports ?
What is the highest waterfall in the United States ?
Which two states enclose Chesapeake Bay ?
Where do the adventures of `` The Swiss Family Robinson '' take place ?
What country do the Galapagos Islands belong to ?
What U.S. state lived under six flags ?
Where is the Loop ?
What country 's capital is Tirana ?
Which city has the oldest relationship as a sister city with Los Angeles ?
What are the names of the tourist attractions in Reims ?
What body of water does the Danube River flow into ?
What country did the Nazis occupy for 1 , CD NNS IN NNP NNP NNP .
What is the nickname for the state of Mississippi ?
What country did King Wenceslas rule ?
What country 's national passenger rail system is called Via ?
What U.S. state is Fort Knox in ?
Where is the highest point in Japan ?
Where does Barney Rubble go to work after he drops Fred off in the `` Flintstones '' cartoon series ?
What are the world 's four oceans ?
Where on the Internet can I find a song lyrics database similar to the International Lyrics Server ?
Where can I find a list of `` classic '' books 5th and 6th graders should read ?
Where is the Orinoco ?
What city boasts Penn 's Landing , on the banks of the Delaware river ?
What two South American countries do n't border Brazil ?
Where is the Rose Bowl played ?
What sun-blasted , 14-mile wide valley is just north of the Mojave desert ?
Where are the 49 steps ?
What is the name of the city that Maurizio Pellegrin lives in ?
Where can I find pictorial directions on how to build a very simple treehouse ?
What country contains Africa 's northernmost point ?
Where is the Kalahari desert ?
What city is sometimes called Gotham ?
What countries have the largest areas of forest ?
What South American city has the world 's highest commercial landing field ?
What two European countries entered the War of American Independence against the British ?
What is the name of the tallest mountain in the world ?
Where can I find a review of Nightmare on Elm Street in a film journal ?
Where was George Washington born ?
What Las Vegas hotel burned in November , 1980 , with the loss of 84 lives ?
What European city do Nicois live in ?
What is California 's capital ?
What European country is home to the beer-producing city of Budweis ?
Where was Christopher Columbus born ?
What sea did the Romans call mare nostrum ?
What city did the Flintstones live in ?
What stadium do the Miami Dolphins play their home games in ?
What state is John F. Kennedy buried in ?
What U.S. state has an element named for it ?
What is the deepest area of the Arctic Ocean ?
Where can I find a `` Fifth Element '' screensaver ?
What is Answers.com 's address ?
Where can I buy movies on videotape online ?
What ocean is the largest in the world ?
Which city did Christian Crusaders fight to recapture from the Muslims ?
Where does chocolate come from ?
Where can I find a case on Individuals with Disabilities Education Act of 1991 ?
What mountains lie between the Arkansas and Missouri rivers ?
What 's the closest G2 Spectrum Yellow Dwarf to Earth ?
Where is Basque country located ?
What South Korean city is served by Kimpo International Airport ?
What was the highest mountain on earth before Mount Everest was discovered ?
Where was the Ligurian Republic , 1797-185 , ?
What country 's people are the top television watchers ?
What Nevada center has been dubbed The Biggest Little City in the World ?
Where must a soccer goalie stand to be permitted to handle the ball ?
In what U.S. state was the first woman governor elected ?
What is the highest peak in Africa ?
Where is Procter & Gamble headquartered in the U.S. ?
What desert has been called The Garden of Allah ?
Where 's the 19th hole on a golf course ?
Where can I find a person 's address from a telephone number ?
Where did Sarge Steel get his metal hand ?
What country did King Gustav V reign over from 197 to 195 ?
In what area of the world was the Six Day War fought ?
What is the brightest star visible from Earth ?
Where do hyenas live ?
What U.S. city is The Queen of the Pacific ?
Where can I find out the top 1 singles ?
What was known as the Spice Island ?
McCarren Airport is located in what city ?
What country has the largest sheep population ?
What country is the world 's largest importer of cognac ?
What country has the most time zones , with 11 ?
What city is Logan Airport in ?
What is the largest city on the Great Lakes ?
What city gained renown for its pea-soup fogs ?
What Russian seaport has a name meaning `` Lord of the East '' ?
Where can stocks be traded on-line ?
Where do people mountain climb in Nepal ?
What are the Nordic nations ?
Where on the Internet can I get information about the Fifth Amendment on the American Bill of Rights ?
What U.S. state borders Illinois to the north ?
Where did the myth of Santa Claus originate ?
What city is served by Logan International Airport ?
What attracts tourists to Reims ?
Where is Procter & Gamble based in the U.S. ?
What is the web address of the list of e-mail addresses of members of the House of Representatives ?
Where is the Abominable Snowman said to wander ?
What was the only country you were allowed to drive into Israel from in 1979 ?
In What city or state do the most gay men live in ?
Where can I find the best free evidence for debate about Russia ?
What is Bill Gates of Microsoft E-mail address ?
What Russian city boasts the Hermitage Museum ?
Where is Trinidad ?
What 's the tallest building in New York City ?
Where can I find information on the Narragansett Indians and other tribes in Rhode Island ?
What is the highest mountain in the world ?
What arch can you see from the Place de la Concorde ?
Which way do you turn your Bic to increase the flame - clockwise or counterclockwise ?
Which is the wealthiest country in the world ?
Which country is Australia 's largest export market ?
Where is the Kentucky Horse Park located ?
What is the leading pecan and peanut growing state ?
Where are the tropical rain forest distributions ?
Where was Lincoln assassinated ?
What city was President William McKinley shot in ?
What city has the world 's longest subway system ?
What are the five most expensive cities in the world ?
What county is Chicago in ?
Where is the Danube ?
What is the longest place name in the U.S. ?
Where does Buzz Aldrin want to build a permanent , manned space station ?
Where can I find correct tabs for Third Eye Blind songs ?
What Asian country has a bill of rights for cows ?
What city is the setting for Puccini 's opera La Boheme ?
Where is Mozambique located ?
What city houses the U.S. headquarters of Procter and Gamble ?
What is the smallest country in Africa ?
Where is Windsor Castle ?
Where can I find the names of all the 15 Pokemon ?
What state does Martha Stewart live in ?
What are the Benelux countries ?
Where 's the Petrified Forest ?
Where is Tornado Alley ?
What state in the U.S. has the most blacks ?
What is the city in which Maurizio Pellegrin lives called ?
What is the oldest website on the Internet ?
What 's the longest river in the world ?
What mountain range is traversed by the highest railroad in the world ?
Where are the leading medical groups specializing in lung diseases ?
What 's the sacred river of India ?
What is Stefan Edberg 's native country ?
Name the largest country in South America .
What country are Godiva chocolates from ?
What U.S. state records the least rainfall ?
What Texas city got its name from the Spanish for `` yellow '' ?
What country did the Nile River originate in ?
What country has the best defensive position in the board game Diplomacy ?
What two countries share the Khyber Pass ?
In what city is the headquarters of Sinn Fein ?
Where can I find information on George Bush ?
What 's the second-largest island in the world ?
Where is Logan Airport ?
What is the state nickname of Mississippi ?
What 's the name of the temple that is located near the capital city of Laos ?
Where is the actress , Marion Davies , buried ?
Where can I buy a good snowboard for less than $200 ?
What London street is the home of British journalism ?
In what city is the famed St. Mark 's Square ?
Where is Tufts University ?
What province is Edmonton located in ?
What is the oldest website on the Internet ?
What country received all the Nobel Prizes awarded in 1976 ?
What is Britain 's possession on the Chinese mainland ?
What are the only two states that incorporate the Confederate battle flag in their flags ?
Where is Guam ?
What are tourist attractions in Reims ?
What Colorado city owns its own glacier ?
Where did guinea pigs originate ?
What two countries ' coastlines border the Bay of Biscay ?
What European capital celebrated its 2 , 000th anniversary in 1951 ?
What country was the setting of You Only Live Twice ?
In what state was the first co-educational college established
What country in Latin America is the largest one ?
On which Hawaiian island is Pearl Harbor ?
What city is wiener schnitzel named for ?
What desert has the highest sand dunes ?
What two countries contain Sierra Nevada mountains ?
What continent 's name appears on the upper left corner of a Budweiser label ?
Where can I get information and statistics on countries and nations ?
Where can I find a list of all the companies in America that offer a direct stock purchase plan ?
What country was A Terrible Beauty to Leon Uris ?
Where can I buy a hat like the kind Jay Kay from Jamiroquai wears ?
What is the Homelite Inc. home page ?
What mountainous region of the world is the Lhasa Apso dog native to ?
Where can I find information about touring the Philippines ?
Where can I find information on the cyclone that hit New Jersey on 8/28/1941 ?
Where was Richard Nixon when Gerald Ford became president ?
What are the largest breweries in the world ?
What country and western singer is known as The Silver Fox ?
What building appropriately enough is depicted on the back of the 1-dollar bill ?
Where is Rider College located ?
Where was the first restaurant ?
Where can I find full written draft of CTBT ?
What is website of the International Court of Justice ?
Where are 8 of the 10 highest mountains in the world ?
Where can I look at a perpetual calendar ?
What is one of the cities that the University of Minnesota is located in ?
What is the most useful site on the Internet ?
What is the world 's highest peak ?
Where is Hearst Castle , built by publisher William Randolph Hearst ?
What 's the largest U.S. city on the Great Lakes ?
What sea separates Naples and Algiers ?
What country claimed Rubens , Van Dyck and Bruegel as citizens ?
Where can I find examples of legal cases about the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act ?
Where is Ocho Rios ?
What ocean does Mauritania border ?
What country is Kosovo a part of ?
Tell me what city the Kentucky Horse Park is near ?
What is Bill Gross 's email address ?
What 's the northernmost U.S. state apart from Alaska ?
Name an art gallery in New York .
What building are British monarchs crowned in ?
What country was first to use the airplane as a weapon of war , against the Turks in Libya ?
What is the capital of Burkina Faso ?
What continent is Bolivia on ?
What U.S. state has the most blondes ?
What city is often called The Insurance Capital of the World ?
What country was Sir Edmund Hillary born in ?
What city was John F. Kennedy nominated for president in ?
Where did the Battle of the Bulge take place ?
What state full of milk and honey was the destination in The Grapes of Wrath ?
What is the tallest building in Japan ?
Where is Sinn Fein 's headquarters ?
What country 's northernmost city is Darwin ?
What sound does Olympia , Washington , overlook ?
What Kentucky city calls itself The Horse Center of America ?
What European country boasts the city of Furth , found where the rivers Rednitz and Pegnitz converge ?
What U.S. state is Dixville Notch in ?
Where was the Cisalpine Republic , 1797-185 , ?
What is the largest shopping mall in the world ?
Where is the location of the Orange Bowl ?
What are the seven seas ?
Which country is known as `` Big Bear '' ?
What 's the home of the Rockettes ?
Where can I find all the information I need to know about the English Civil War , 1642-1649 , ?
What is the website for the USA journal ?
What U.S. state has the second-longest coastline ?
What state 's home to the Buffalo Bill Historical Center ?
What is the largest natural lake in Pennsylvania ?
Where does the Santa Fe Trail begin and end ?
Which city in Canada is the least-populated ?
Where is the Isle of Man ?
What do we call the imaginary line along the top of the Rocky Mountains ?
What country 's capital is Lagos ?
Where does Ray Bradbury 's Chronicles take place ?
Where can I get information about cystic fibrosis ?
Where did Honecker rule ?
What African country is governed from Ouagadougou ?
What French seaport claims to be The Home of Wines ?
What countries have the largest armed forces in the world ?
What city is terrorized by Dracula in The Night Stalker ?
What is the best hospital for orthopedics in the country ?
What lake is Sheboygan on ?
What is the largest lake in North America ?
What city or state do the most gay men live in ?
Where are all European and American eels born ?
What was the first town to be chartered in Vermont ?
What state has the longest Great Lakes shoreline ?
What U.S. state ends with a G ?
What are the largest libraries in the US ?
What country boasts the most dams ?
What Metropolis landmark was first introduced in the Superman cartoons of the 1940 's ?
Where can one find Mozambique ?
In what city is the US Declaration of Independence located ?
What nationality was Jackson Pollock ?
What is worth seeing in Reims ?
Where is Santa Lucia ?
What city is found in the city of OZ ?
What populous state covers 49 , 576 square miles ?
In what state was there an 11 million gallon oil spill ?
What country did the ancient Romans refer to as Hibernia ?
What city in the U.S. experienced the most growth recently ?
What Tokyo street glitters with famed department stores and nightclubs ?
What country are you in if you woo in the Wu dialect ?
What South American city features the exclusive Copacabana Beach and Ipanema ?
What German city do Italians call The Monaco of Bavaria ?
What island group contains Jersey , Guernsey , Sark and Herm ?
Where was helium first discovered , hence its name ?
What country is the setting for Edgar Allan Poe 's The Pit and the Pendulum ?
What is the second highest mountain peak in the world ?
What 's the world 's largest cathedral ?
What three European countries begin with the letter A ?
What 's the world 's longest suspension bridge ?
What Asian city boasts the world 's biggest bowling alley ?
What were the first three cities to have a population of more than a million ?
What constellation contains the twins Castor and Pollux ?
What famed London criminal court was once a feudal castle ?
Where did he get the title ?
Where can I find a large list of 5 to 6 letter words ?
Where does Mother Angelica live ?
Where is the Mayo Clinic ?
What Caribbean island is sometimes called Little England ?
Where is Amsterdam ?
Where can I find the lyrics for the song ` Getting Married Today ' from the musical ` Company ' ?
What Australian city became the home of the America 's Cup ?
What river does the Grand Coulee Dam dam ?
What is a reliable site that I can download Heretic 2 ?
Where did cable cars first roll down Clay Street in 1873 ?
What is George Lucas 's e-mail address ?
What Kenyan city is the safari center for East Africa ?
What four U.S. states have active volcanoes ?
What are the biggest Indian airports ?
What are the world 's three largest oceans , in order of size ?
Where on the Internet can I find information on laundry detergent ?
What city is sometimes called The Athens of Switzerland ?
Where did bocci originate ?
Where can I find information about Bob Barr , representative from Georgia ?
What were the cities of Dickens 's A Tale of Two Cities ?
What countries have the best math students ?
Where did Freidreich Wilhelm Ludwig Leichhardt , Prussian born explorer , go to school ?
What two countries in South America are landlocked ?
Which country did Hitler rule ?
The Orange Bowl is in what city ?
What state was Herbert Hoover born in ?
What state produces the best lobster to eat ?
What islands got their name from the Spanish baja mar , meaning shallow water ?
What was the nationality of Jackson Pollock ?
What is the name of the country which Hitler ruled ?
Where can I get U.S. economic statistics ?
What 's the capital of Iowa ?
What is the US Federal Government website for Standard Industrial Classification codes , SIC , ?
Where is the Henry Ford Museum ?
What are the 10 largest cities in the US ?
What is Drew Barrymore 's email address ?
What nationality were the 123 people who died in the Black Hole of Calcutta ?
What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on ?
What sea surrounds the Cayman Islands ?
What ocean was Amelia Earhart flying over when she disappeared ?
What country other than Germany invaded Poland in September 1939 ?
What is the largest U.S. state east of the Mississippi ?
What California desert is dubbed High Desert ?
Where do the Blackhawks maintain their operations ?
What African country was founded by freed American slaves in 1847 ?
The Orange Bowl is located in what city ?
What 's the nearest star to Earth ?
Where is Inoco based ?
What planet would you visit to see Bebrenia , Arcadia , and Amazonis ?
Where is Natick ?
Where is the Valley of the Kings ?
Where did the sport of caber-tossing originate ?
Where are the Union Stockyards ?
Where does the weird shape of the dinner fish knife originate from ?
Where does the U.S. get most of its energy ?
What country , after Canada and Mexico , is closest to the U.S. ?
What country has been called The Queen of the Antilles ?
Where can I find a website that gives comparisons of good prices ?
What state has the most Indians ?
Where did Luther display his `` Ninety-Five Theses '' ?
What river is Pocahontas buried along ?
Where is Dartmouth College ?
What river flows through Vienna , Budapest and Belgrade ?
Which area produces the least acidic coffee ?
What is the largest city in the world ?
What are Britain 's two longest rivers ?
What country covers 8 , 600 , 387 square miles ?
In which state are the Mark Twain National Forests ?
What is the oldest ethnological museum in the world ?
Where have the most dinosaur remains been found ?
What island has a park called The Battery at is southern tip ?
What Caribbean island is northeast of Trinidad ?
Where can I find book reviews of `` Turbulent Souls '' ?
What is the fastest growing state in the U.S.A. in 1998 ?
Where does the opera singer Ileana Cotrubas come from ?
Where can I learn about Samuel Gompers ?
What U.S. state 's biggest lake is Lake Sam Rayburn ?
What state is Niagara Falls located in ?
Where is the Orange Bowl ?
What Scandinavian capital is built on nine bridge-connected islands ?
Where is the Smithsonian Institute located ?
What do most tourists visit in Reims ?
What United States city produces the most oil ?
What was the only country in the Western Hemisphere to join the Russian-led boycott of the 1984 Summer Olympics ?
In what part of Africa is Mozambique located ?
Where is Poe 's birthplace ?
Where can I find detailed information about Manchukuo ?
Where 's the GUM department store ?
What state was named the Green Mountain state ?
What are all the southern states of the United States ?
Where did Bill Gates go to college ?
What constellation is known as The Water Bearer ?
Where can I find the history of the Taiwanese language ?
What state is Mount McKinley in ?
Where is Kings Canyon ?
What Asian country once thrilled to the sport of cricket fighting ?
What city is near the mouth of the Amazon ?
Where did the Inuits live ?
What former royal palace has served as a granary , prison , arsenal , leper colony , mint , telegraph station and whorehouse before becoming an art museum ?
Where was `` I have fallen , and I can 't get up '' said first ?
Where did the Wright brothers make their first flight ?
What is the snowiest city in the U.S. ?
What South American capital is the world 's highest ?
Name a civil war battlefield .
What famed strip of land is a 15-minute boat trip across the Venetian Lagoon from Venice ?
Which continent has the most roses ?
What are the four largest mountain ranges on the Asian continent ?
Where in the Bible does it tell about Jesus Christ 's brothers and sisters ?
What country boasts the southernmost point in continental Europe ?
What country was Brian Boru an 11th-century king of ?
Where did the 6th annual meeting of Indonesia-Malaysia forest experts take place ?
What state capital comes last alphabetically ?
Where is former Pro wrestler Johnny `` Rubber Man '' Walker ?
What is the geographical center of the US including Alaska and Hawaii ?
What country has the port of Haifa ?
What is the address for the main government office in Rome , Italy ?
Where is Romania located ?
What city did the Mormons establish as their headquarters in 1847 ?
What two countries are linked by the Brenner Pass ?
Mississippi has what name for a state nickname ?
What U.S. city was named for St. Francis of Assisi ?
Where can I get a photograph of professor Randolph Quirk ?
What is the principal river of Ireland ?
What lake is the source of the White Nile ?
What are all the rivers in Europe ?
What 's the fifth-largest country in the world ?
In what country is Lund ?
What is the capital of Seattle ?
What city in Florida is Sea World in ?
Where does the tennis star Stefan Edberg come from ?
What continent pushes up the Executive Committee mountain range ?
What is the largest city in Germany ?
What park contains Firehole River and Fairy Falls ?
What 's the largest island in the West Indies ?
What New England state carries the telephone area code 27 ?
In what county is Eckley Colorado ?
What city hosted the first Winter Olympics in Asia ?
What desert country borders Saudi Arabia , Iraq and the Persian Gulf ?
Where are the headquarters of Eli Lilly ?
Where can I find info on research being done on oilseeds thru genetics ?
Where did the Mayan Indians live ?
Where was Poe born ?
Where did Dylan Thomas die ?
What was the tallest building in America in 1922 ?
What New Hampshire hamlet rises early to vote first in U.S. presidential elections ?
Where do the Grimace and Mayor McCheese live ?
Where is the world championship sled dog race held each February ?
Where is your corpus callosum ?
When Superman needs to get away from it all , where does he go ?
Where can I get cotton textiles importer details ?
What canal does the Thatcher Ferry Bridge span ?
Where can I find a lesson plan for teaching the metric system conversion to American standard ?
Where did George of the Jungle live ?
Where do I find information for foreclosure properties on the Internet ?
Which Latin American country is the largest ?
What was the former residence of Scottish kings in Edinburgh ?
What country buys 25 percent of the world 's tea exports ?
What country is the origin of the band the Creeps ?
Where is the biggest bell ?
What country offered Albert Einstein its presidency in 1952 ?
What bay sparkles next to Miami , Florida ?
What famed river flows through Bagdad ?
Where can one find information on religion and health , the brain and nutrition ?
What erupts every hour at Yellowstone National Park ?
What country contains the highest point in South America ?
What constellation represents a hunter with club and shield ?
What Russian seaport has a name meaning `` Lord of the East '' ?
What Rocky Mountain ridge separates North America 's eastward and westward-flowing rivers ?
What gate opened on East and West Berlin ?
What 's the farthest planet from the sun ?
What 's the name of a hotel in Indianapolis ?
Where is Melbourne ?
What country was Mikhail Gorbachev the leader of ?
What is the largest county in size in Massachusetts ?
What natural attractions draw the most visitors in the United States ?
What river runs through Liverpool ?
What country was Kim Philby really working for ?
What country was Hitler the chancellor of ?
What North American city would you visit to see Cleopatra 's Needle ?
Where can I find an Ask An Expert site ?
What U.S. state has the lowest highest elevation at 6 feet ?
Where is Mile High Stadium ?
What city contains the district of Hell 's Kitchen ?
Which one of the Great Lakes is entirely within U.S. territory ?
What U.S. state has sagebrush as its state flower ?
What nationality is Pope John Paul II ?
Where are some great educational resources for parents and teachers ?
What New York City landmark has 168 steps to its crown ?
Where is the Bulls basketball team based ?
What 's the second-highest mountain in the world ?
What country was Erich Honecker the leader of ?
What two Japanese cities are spelled with the letters K , O , O , T and Y ?
Where did Wile E. Coyote always get his devices ?
Where can an individual get a contact lens tested that burned the entire surface of eye when new ?
What countries does the Mont Blanc Tunnel join ?
What eastern state sprouted the first commercial nuclear power plant in the U.S. ?
What are the three most populated countries in the world ?
What is the largest office block in the world ?
What country did the Romans call Hibernia ?
What two countries fought the Hundred Years ' War ?
What country will hit the year 2 first ?
What square is the geographical center of London ?
What is the most populated city in the world ?
Where did Victor Hugo spend his exile ?
What state did Helen Keller call home ?
What country 's royal house is Bourbon-Parma ?
What country would you visit to ski in the Dolomites ?
What African capital is named for a U.S. president ?
What Mediterranean island is home to the first Club Med ?
Where can you find the Venus flytrap ?
What building built in 18 contains 327 miles of book shelves ?
What U.S. city 's skyline boasts the Gateway Arch ?
Where is Belize located ?
What state does Charles Robb represent ?
What U.S. state boasts Stone Mountain , the world 's largest mass of exposed granite ?
What southeast Asian country has the Wang River joining the Ping River at Tak ?
What Italian city of 155 were Leonardo da Vinci , Michaelangelo , and Machiavelli all working in ?
What is the name of the largest city in Chile , South America ?
What is the best online games site ?
On what avenue is the original Saks department store located ?
Where does the song Anything Goes take place ?
Where was the first zoo in the U.S. ?
What country 's flag is field green ?
Where can I read about Chiang Kai-shek ?
What country borders the most others ?
What river runs through Colorado , Kansas , and Oklahoma ?
Where does tuberculosis come from ?
Where can I find lyrics for R&B ?
What two countries are separated by the Bering Strait ?
Jackson Pollock is of what nationality ?
Where on the Internet can I get chemicals importers ?
What was the first country to put a second woman in space ?
What prison is found in Ossining , New York ?
What country has declared one-fifth of its territory off-limits to Russians ?
What is the longest river in the United States ?
What river is Windsor Castle on ?
Where is Natchitoches , Louisiana ?
What 's the capital of Taiwan ?
What city is served by Tempelhol Airport ?
Where in the United States do people live the longest ?
What country in 1998 had the most suicides regardless of population size ?
What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on ?
What celestial body has a diameter of 864 , 000 miles ?
What country borders Denmark to the south ?
Where do you find the answers for all these questions ?
What city is . KDGE Radio located in ?
What city was Bobby Kennedy assassinated in ?
What London museum features a Chamber of Horrors ?
What city is served by McCarren Airport ?
What state on the Gulf of Mexico has its lowest point five feet below sea level ?
Where can I find a case on Americans with Disabilities Act of 199 ?
Where is the Keck telescope ?
Where are the apartments in Saint John , New Brunswick ?
What country did the Mau Mau Uprising take place in ?
What are some good medical sites for information ?
Where were the 196 Summer Olympics held ?
Where is Los Vegas ?
Name the country which Honecker lived in .
What U.S. state are the Finger Lakes in ?
What are the ten safest American cities for pedestrians ?
Where can I find a picture of a Blue Meanie ?
What U.S. state does the Continental Divide leave to enter Canada ?
What 's the name of the Wilkes plantation in Gone with the Wind ?
Where is the Statistical Abstract of the United States online ?
What was Einstein 's birthplace ?
Where are the Austerlitz and Victor Hugo subway stops ?
Where did Ty Cobb grow up ?
What general direction does the journey in Around the World in 80 Days proceed in ?
What is New England 's highest mountain ?
In what nation is Edessa located nowadays ?
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?
Where is the largest dam in the world ?
In what part of the world is Mozambique ?
What man-made waterways is 1.76 miles long ?
On what river is Strasbourg built ?
What country is located at 13 degrees North latitude and 10 degrees East longitude ?
Where are the busiest ports in the world ?
What city does McCarren Airport serve ?
Where can I find up-to-date coastal ocean surface temperature information , preferably along North America and the Caribbean ?
What are the two cities in Dicken 's `` A Tale of Two Cities '' ?
What river runs through Liverpool ?
What 's the longest river in Canada ?
What mountain range marks the border of France and Spain ?
What is the location of McCarren Airport ?
What is the largest island in the Mediterranean Sea ?
Where is Rider College ?
Where was chop suey invented ?
Where does dew come from ?
What landmark Italian restaurant can be found at 239 West 48th Street , New York City ?
What are some mythology websites ?
What nationality is Ileana Cotrubas ?
Where did the world come from ?
What island group is Guadalcanal a part of ?
What 's the only East european country not tied to the ruble ?
What country has the highest arson rate ?
What city does Orly Airport serve ?
Where did Woodstock take place ?
What are the top five oil-producing countries in the world ?
Where can one find Rider College ?
What countries have the most auto thefts ?
What country boasts Ismail 's Palace and the Palace of King Farouk ?
Where could I go to take a ride on a steam locomotive ?
Where is the Virtual Desk Reference ?
Where is the bridge over the river Kwai ?
What Scandinavian country covers 173 , 732 square miles ?
Where can I get mailing lists ?
What city boasts the Billingsgate fishmarket ?
What country lies directly south of Detroit ?
Where did surfing originate ?
What is the tallest mountain ?
Where did the Maya people live ?
Kosovo is a province of what country ?
What New England state covers 5.9 square miles ?
Where are the Haversian canals ?
Where can I find the status of my tax return ?
Where is the Kentucky Horse Park ?
What country boasts the most cars per mile of road ?
What Russian city used to be called St. Petersburg and Petrograd ?
What are some good fractal web sites ?
What country imposed the Berlin Blockade in 1948 ?
What kind of habitat does the scorpion live in ?
Where is Webster University ?
Where can I get piano music for the Jamiroquai song Everyday for the midi ?
What country 's capital was formed when Pesth and Buda merged ?
What town was the setting for The Music Man ?
Where can I find scientific data , `` research papers , '' on textile engineering ?
Where can I read about Abraham Lincoln ?
Where can I find a tape or book to help me say , write and understand Japanese ?
What was the birthplace of Edgar Allen Poe ?
What room did W.C. Fields keep his library in ?
Where can I find the schematics to the windshield wiper mechanism ?
Where is `` Global Schoolhouse '' ?
What volcano showers ash on Sicily ?
Where are the U.S. headquarters for Procter & Gamble ?
What is the capital of Uruguay ?
What are the largest deserts in the world ?
Where is Qatar ?
What is the richest state in the U.S. ?
What California bridge was Don Brown the first to cross , on May 27 , 1937 ?
What was the largest city in the world to declare martial law in 1989 ?
Where is the Thomas Edison Museum ?
What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?
What mountain range extends from the Gulf of St. Lawrence to Alabama ?
What is the largest city in Connecticut ?
Where can I find free piano scores for popular music ?
What country is the largest diamond producer ?
What 's the capital of Monaco ?
What state is the Filenes store located in ?
Where is the official `` zero '' of the sea level ?
What is the seafaring name for the southern tip of South America ?
What country owns Corsica ?
Where can I find a world atlas map online at no charge ?
What ocean did the Titanic sink in ?
What southwestern state is dubbed The Silver State ?
What country did the Allies invade in World War II 's Operation Avalanche ?
What famed river was Hernando de Soto the first European to see ?
Where do quality drinks begin ?
What country surrounds San Marino , the world 's smallest Republic ?
What direction do the best surfing beaches face ?
What California bay 's largest island is Angel Island ?
What California bridge was Don Brown the first to cross , on May 27 , 1937 ?
Where is the oldest living thing on earth ?
What bay divides Maryland 's Eastern and Western Shores ?
Where can I find info on Alexander Mackenzie ?
What Georgia town did Scarlett O 'Hara condemn as being full of pushy people ?
Where did the real St. Nicholas live ?
Where did Dikembe Mutombo go to college ?
What body of water does the Yukon River empty into ?
What is Mark McGwire 's e-mail address ?
The Kentucky Horse Park is located near what city ?
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?
Where is Microsoft 's corporate headquarters located ?
What Asian gulf were the destroyers Maddox and C Turner Joy shot up in ?
What is the Homelite Inc. home page ?
What are the names of all the seas in the world and what ocean do they drain into ?
Name the highest mountain .
What island is home to statues called Mauis ?
Where was Pythagoras born ?
What is the capital of Italy ?
What is the greatest hiking Web site ?
What ocean surrounds the Madeira Islands ?
What are the capital cities of the two large countries that occupy the Iberian peninsula in Europe ?
In Sinclair Lewis ' `` Main Street , '' what was the name of the typical American town ?
What is the largest city in Texas ?
Where can I get a map of Prussia on the Internet ?
What are the five richest countries in the world ?
Where is McCarren Airport ?
What state in the United States covers the largest area ?
What web sites are linked to the Report on Genesis Eldercare ?
Where is McCarren Airport located ?
What part of Britain comprises the Highlands , Central Lowlands , and Southern Uplands ?
What country is proud to claim Volcano National Park ?
What direction do most baseball pitchers pitch toward ?
Where are diamonds mined ?
What city has a newspaper called The Plain Dealer ?
What U.S. state boasts Leif Ericson Park ?
Where did the ukulele originate ?
What is the name of the gulf between Sweden and Finland ?
What two countries is Andorra nestled between ?
What are the four largest mountain ranges in the continental United States ?
What is the Homelite Inc. home page ?
Where was Tesla born ?
What 's the most common street name in America ?
What are the top 5 tallest buildings in the world ?
What country has problems with hooligans ?
What planet did Percival Lovell discover ?
What country contains the westernmost point in South America ?
What Southern California town is named after a character made famous by Edgar Rice Burroughs ?
What is the habitat of the chickadee ?
What city 's the kickoff point for climbs of Mount Everest ?
Where is the largest post office building in the world ?
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?
What country was General Douglas McArthur in when he was recalled by President Truman ?
What country does Ileana Cotrubas come from ?
What two European countries are joined by the Gran San Bernardo Pass ?
Where is the Taj Mahal ?
In 139 the papal court was forced to move from Rome to where ?
What capital is built around Monument Circle which contains soldiers and sailors monument ?
What famed wall supports the Badaling turret ?
Where are good science sites on the Internet ?
Where are the busiest Amtrak rail stations in the U.S. ?
Where was the largest concentration camp in World War II ?
What were the first bodies visited by spacecraft ?
What city was Martin Luther King Jr. assassinated in ?
Where 's the Bernini-Bristol Hotel ?
What is the capital of Kosovo ?
What were the first three cities to have a population of more than a million ?
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?
What European country abandoned postage stamps in 1923 because printing them cost more than their face value ?
What nationality is a Sicilian ?
What is the oldest building in the United States ?
What Japanese city was once called Edo ?
Where is one 's corpus callosum found ?
What 's the oldest capital city in the Americas ?
What is the location of Edinburgh , Scotland ?
Jackson Pollock was a native of what country ?
What island was the target of the U.S. 's Operation Urgent Fury ?
What 's the most powerful country in the world ?
Where do lobsters like to live ?
What two cities usually mark the extremes of English Channel swims ?
Where can I get information concerning child custody files for the State of Utah ?
What country saw the origin of the Asian Flu ?
Where can I take a test that will tell me what I should be when I grow up ?
What lake in Scotland is said to hold one or more monsters ?
What famed library can you reach by dialing 22-287-5 ?
Where can I get a complete listing of showtimes in my area ?
Where 's Montenegro ?
Where is Glasgow ?
What North American city boasts the biggest Polish population ?
Where is it planned to berth the merchant ship , Lane Victory , which Merchant Marine veterans are converting into a floating museum ?
What is the oldest website on the Internet ?
What country are you visiting if you land at President Duvalier Airport ?
What is the capital of Congo ?
What is a country that starts with the letter x ?
What countries earn the most from tourism ?
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?
Where are zebras most likely found ?
What is the best place to live in the world , considering climate , civilization ?
What is the web address at which I can find the e-mail address of a member of the US House of Representatives ?
What river flows past the Temple of Karnak ?
Where do you find information about the Queensland National Competition Policy
Where can I get information on the original 13 US colonies ?
What North American city sprouts the most parking meters ?
What is the largest and most expensive freeway construction project in the U.S. right now ?
Where did Gulliver find a race of tiny people ?
Where did the Japanese Imperial Forces surrender to end WWII ?
What city would you be in if you were feeding the pigeons in the Piazza San Marco ?
What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on ?
Where is there information on the novel `` El Cid '' ?
Where is Burma ?
Where did the name Daniel originate ?
What states do not have state income tax ?
What city has the two steepest streets in the U.S. ?
Name the country of giants twelve times the size of man in `` Gulliver 's Travels . ''
Where does most of the marijuana entering the United States come from ?
What country boasts Cawdor Castle , Glamis Castle , and Blair Castle ?
What country is Mount Everest in ?
Which country is the largest country in Latin America ?
Where did King Francis I hang the `` Mona Lisa '' when he owned it ?
Where can I find the history of the Hungarian language ?
What U.S. state comes last in an alphabetical list ?
What U.S. state includes the San Juan Islands ?
What London street claims to be the world center for men 's tailoring ?
What bordering country is due north of Costa Rica ?
What nation boarders Mozambique ?
What is the capital of California ?
What country comes last in an alphabetical list ?
What country is the worlds leading supplier of cannabis ?
What city is the Kentucky Horse Park near ?
Where did Hillary Clinton graduate college ?
What is the country of origin for the name Thomas ?
What country has the highest per capita consumption of cheese ?
What sea is Bombay on ?
Where in the Americas is it only 47 miles from the Atlantic to the Pacific ?
What U.S. city is known as The Rubber Capital of the World ?
What countries have the highest ratio of university students ?
Where are there aborigines ?
On what river is Rome built ?
Where on the Web is Adventours Tours from Sydney , Australia ?
Where were the 1936 Summer Olympics held ?
What cathedral was Thomas Becket murdered in ?
The Kentucky Horse Park is close to which American city ?
Where in a tree does photosynthesis occur ?
What strait links the Mediterranean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean ?
What airport is on the Piccadilly subway line ?
What city 's airport is named Logan International ?
What is the nickname of Pennsylvania ?
What is the largest museum in the world ?
Where did makeup originate ?
What U.S. state is Mammoth Cave National Park in ?
In what country is a stuck-out tongue a friendly greeting ?
Where is Erykah Badu originally from ?
Where can I buy a pony on the Big Island for my daughter ?
What is the address of the famous Mexican star `` Thalia '' ?
What planet gave bith to Superman ?
What is the most important nation in the world , historically ?
Where is the group M People from ?
What country is famous for Persian rugs ?
What city is graced by the Arch of Titus ?
Where is the world 's most active volcano located ?
What country is bounded in part by the Indian Ocean and Coral and Tasman seas ?
Where is Ayer 's rock ?
What city 's theatrical district has been dubbed The Roaring Forties ?
Where was George Washington born ?
What two Caribbean countries share the island of Hispaniola ?
What continent 's second-highest peak is Mont Blanc ?
What Peruvian city is home to the mummified body of Francisco Pizarro ?
What nationality is Gorbachev ?
What ocean surrounds the Maldive Islands ?
What South American country won its first World Cup soccer title in 1978 ?
What colorful sea 's region does Greek legend say the Amazons lived near ?
On what continent is Mozambique ?
What is the U.S. location of Procter & Gamble corporate offices ?
What state is known as the Hawkeye State ?
What are all the southern states of the U.S. ?
What does the River Seine empty into ?
What state did Anita Bryant represent in the 1959 Miss America contest ?
Where is South Bend ?
What country has the most coastline ?
What two states is Washington D.C. between ?
What botanical marvel did Nebuchadnezzar build ?
What European country 's monarchy was restored in 1975 ?
What country is home to Heineken beer ?
What is the highest continent ?
Where can I find information on becoming a journalist ?
In what city does Maurizio Pellegrin now live ?
